
us, mis ISSUE—HECTOR SPEAKS! 

Mud's Mezcal Worm Manager, Hector Agavi, breaks a seven year silence for this exclusive interview! 
MUDDATES FOR AUGUST—OCTOBER 
MEXICAN MUD BAND 
THUR SEPT 9 9pen Flannery'. New York. NY (212) 229.2122 -with Valium Ehbrt FRI SEPT 10 10pat West End Cote New Yak, NY (212) 749-9434 SAT SEPT 11 10.30pn Boo Beds Hoboken, NJ (201) 659.1789 THU SEPT 16 9pm Planner/a New Teak, NY (212)229-2122 -with Valise. Effort & Harsh Reality SAT SEPT 17 I I pm New Music Cafe New York. NY (212) 941.0900 -with Mao Z THU SEPT 23 9pm Flannery's New York, NY (2l2) 229-2122 -with Valium Effort & Moe SAT SEPT 24 I 1pm New Music Cafe New York, NY (212) 941-0900 -with Milo Z THU SEPT 30 9pm Rannety's New York. NY (212)229.2122 -with Vaasa Effort FRI OCT 8 lOpm Court Tavern -with The Other Half New Peenswielt, NJ (908) 545.7265 FRI OCT 15 I Opm East LA. Syracuse, NY (315)471.1148 SAT OCT 16 lOpm Ohl City Hall Oswego, NY (315)343.2012 FRI OCT 22 IOpm The Hotel Rhinecliff Rhineeliff, NY (914)876-8688 
ATTENTION WHISKEY DE1NKOSII FLANNERY'S IS AN 1E1S1f pum 

325 East 2 I st. St. 412 NEW YORE. NY 10010 
OPEN IMMEDIATELY! YOU ARE ELIGIBLE FOR FREE TICKETS TO POOPOOPALOOZA '93! THE BEST SHOW OF THE DECADE! 
ALSO TO BE FOUND HEREIN: -PROPHYLACTIC HOAXES! .TRACY MEASY REARS HER CUTELII: HEAD! -DEMON CULT KEGS KASESI -MISOGYNISTIC LYRIC OONTROVEPSY1 -WEIRDNESS DRIPPING FROM EVERY PHONEME! 

ANOTHER GRATIATOUS TRACY SHOT 

IN THE MUD NEWSI 
MAN ENLISTS OWN FOOT... IN "ARMY' 
SYRACUSE. NY-The salvation Army has long been • tornoa of good deeds and sacrifice. Mel Kseptel. • Syracuse native trod rept.- a the Earthwya Supper Club recently took a girt step fa =triad b dementia his foot to the religion organisation Seeing the error of his ways Kreptelenlisted his foot the Salvation Anny on 'journey of self-lessors. The enlistment, aa elabor-ate sidewalk mearany wbi Kreptel designed, left Army officials both heard and Wary. They politely served the gifl and swore that the foot would be reeduramet and theaceforth devoted to life of giving and helping. The foot was arra/pie fee mourrem. bemuse fen rapt Ira Tut he roc in light!' Spat • nearby homeless nun. 101. who is now appear-Mg with the foot at part of his act at 'Tea Here Now', on Wescott Street 

"SHOOT THE DITCH" CONTROVERSY CONTINUES ADDRESS  The Mexican Mud song: "Love Boat", has coREss  attracted • lot of attention for being  patently offensive. Riots have been youn NEwLyRio  erupting anywhere a critical mass of pimple have gathered who believe the Send your tyne to Max. 200 W. 15th Street Apt 30. New York, NY 10311 "Shoot the Bitch' verse of the song. wu„,..be„„k..s the mud &mamas women A crowd swarming • chore to keep their own •maid words. Porn range from Vtlium Effort Neptune, NI Frayzee's Fish Market. apes to Iron beer( spontaneously riled themselves into a frenzy seer the matter. Chanting incoherattly, the rioters finned effigies of Mud members. tarred and feathered a store clerk, and fondled several austacmns. Before police arrived, however, a somewhat lucid rioter pointed cot that the Mud her N and had 
-Fill in your own choice to replace this misogynistic lyric! 
were now en= epiliele. no affiliation with the now half-derroyed fish market The somewhat embarrassed band of marauders snuck away quietly. The Mud were all too available for COMMOL 
CHICKEN SOUP NOW BELIEVED TO BE INEFFECTIVE AS BIRTH CONTROL! 

rrb. infamous chain :cur chiclt rocked the media hoe week has ;rev-artily been frond to be a noel ham. The letter, which alleged cludien Pip to be an effecuve form of birth control. was recently refuted by Oxfoed Carr carman foe US.Cluckern 

Oxford Combs. Spokes-man for U.S. Chickens Inc., knelt prat on foci tl7sr eaustrr'ash.O1 gelLiselzyzzies in 

Hole. gee, 
Weever laVentlio Ss/ Idler in.e ,An/YYon6uean,aemaheen‘ Ave am, 9.(nos.chialtn,; ea, and/en 6ya obibien. 211164”, &of 

Said Combs to is stunned peer Having never heard of chicken. giving press conferences, few of the gathered reporten could bring grer to hear Combo, except worm on the scene, enau Mudennapr HeCt01 Agave, who recanted in terror when Combo rowed him, hanging on every rho* voiced weed 'It's a plots' He rammed, Cheekens son mating with dee Wirnmeral• Security immerlately &soared WWI tae Hear to shreds, law vomiting him back up to feed the( young. Hato tap he u sanded with this new portion and likes living inside 4 baby chicks. 'i.e ate rim Kute* commented Hector. 
HECTOR SPEAKS! THE ENIGMATIC MEZCAL WORM WE CALL AGAVE 
HECTOR ENRIQUE AGAVE has been a constant roue al edlISSIVMSY and unary in the media for the pare seven years. Since taking on the porition d tramp, d the Meximt Mud in 1986. his reputation as a swindler. cheat. drunkard. phil-andeter and media pig has grown wearer.* and Ms become a spree of Veit noncom (Of Madmen and civilians alike. The Procrastinator has been tracking Apve ever since his libel suit with the Mud began pending in 1988. We managed to Nueete a few comments out of thin drive condiment when we found him 1l Bomar & Noble aping ha new book 'My Life to a Bottle: Wort of a Hallucinogen" (McGraw Hill. 82230). Man who rem Mud: Herm - a few nimam dime flue Agave: Who an NO Where ees my bodYguard•Pefel MWSM: Oh, we ate han, and well eat you too if youdon't cooPemu• We're from the Mud orgmiution and we've got some unfinished burner wally°. 
HA: You ate Pepe • you people am not only poorly dressed but very unceevilitect You Linnet eat mel I am bees media star awl Instead, rake a shot of my law - ea Monte Abet - eft your frog.. yes! 
MWSM OK. one shot, but we gill 
hove lane ucenvons...Whar kind of matoeget ate yowl You don't even return the Muds shone cane AGAVE: I try to book the pup. Mainly 1 fail, and to irt enjoy mpg. So, l am like nun managers. haveanother tented.- MWSM: We'll rink Your liqum. bat we won't be nice to you (Edire's nem: An is company poky). Hector. you are still a worm no matter hose starry books you sell. AGAVE: Yes, err rralcdroas foe now I am a worm in a man's world, but someday, when you're dead and buried. your pale gringo face turned to the sun. you will be a man in a wonn't world ahem It will be out turn to feast on your Beth. This is woo, not MWSM: oh yeah, Well_Are're gang home to think that over. Ch. lea we gar gut beetle. AGAVE I will tee you rat, amigo. 

AGAVE INNIS FIRST AND FNAL FILM ROLE IN 'A WORM'S HEN% 1965 
CLUB LIFE ATROCITIES by Tracy Measy 
WHO ARE THESE WANNABES? Let's face let when you go out to a club, you have to expect a certain number of annoyances and indignities - haughty poseurs (usually musicians), leering bouncers, expensive drinks and bodily injury . ranging from mashed toes to agate= burns. But these problems pale in comparison no a more harmful, invidaoss occurrence that has been killing buzzes all over town • those random jommers who jump up on stage with bands and pretend to play percussion. Not only do they force as all to wimess their unwitting humil• 
'ton, but they distract both the band and the aucbence from the poove, which is why we 
paid ten backs to get in, right) OK, there are people in the audience who can't tell that you don't belong up there, or that you've never played bongoes in your life. Those clueless people consione a group that you could potentially impress, just by being on stage and shaking your hair around. Bat the rest of us (anyone who's more than half-awake, has seen the band before, or knows where the accents oldie beat are) an only regard you with pity and loathing. Realize this, and mend your ways before you become the target of a well-
deserved blow, or worse, having people laugh and sneer at you. Obviously, not every_spontancous adition to • band falls into this category. People who have some talent often add to a band's sound •• althou you should wait to beeinvited up even if you area g drummer. So what can be done about this problem? The Mexican Mud Band has an interesting solution. Instead of continuing to play and allowing the unwanted umrt to appcu as if they're bleae&ng into rhythm and the context of the song, The Mud allows the person a solo, accenting the 'one' in the beat, and thus the person's 
arhythrnic playing stands out and the intruder, not the band suffers. The crowd can enjoy a person making a fool out of themselves when the song becomes a musical comedy, and not sabotage. Just because you're drunk and crave admiration does not justify your unwarranted presence on stage. If you really want to be a performer, get ready for long hones of seemingly fruitless practicing and lifting heavy equipment If you're not willing to commit yourself to a life of drudgery, then it's your lot to have to impress people one at a time. You can start by buying that cute girl a beer. 
2 
Procrastinator • August, 1993 

PROCRASTINATOR DIATRIBE•WEIRD FOR WEIRD'S SAKE! 
How many of you think you're unusual?Of course you do, who doesn't? Weirdness Isn't • curse, nor Ls it a prize, a badge of honor that lords no over the dull masses It Is a duty, a calling and divine inheritance. We cling to our difference, lest we fade Into the banality that has already consumed much of our generation. We must lam to be weird CORRECTLY! There 13 good weird and bad weird. therefore this article will serve not only curious dullards, but the freaks and flakes as well. Let's go, step.by.step, through the rules of weird.for- weird's-sake and build a better scene for as all to rage in, a scene free of both banality and obnosdousness. 
RULE ONE: BE WEIRD FOR WEIRD'S SAKE. Unusual behavior shouldn't be a pretension acquired to garner attention. If you're bland, a scary fashion accesory won't help you. It might be the trigger you need to set you off, but It won't be the bullet. If you want to gel the ball rising your heart must be In the right place. Anyone can get their Dave] pierced, what's important, what matters is the political importance attatched to the target. Body, piercing, tatooing and hair dying to important as a ritual, rite of passage, physical mainifestatIon of psychological change, whatever. If you're truly weird, pierced navels and purple hair matter little; It's the glint in 4.••• the eye that speaks everything. If we say you have "the look" , with your dreads, Doc Martens and ridiculously baggy pants. If that tat. Is going to make you feel gorgeous or eadting, if it will stir up trouble, anger your parents and shock the system, by all means get it; but If you just want to be different and are afraid, deep down, that you're not, save your money and your skin. Weirdness most be developed from within before it is manifested without. A really weird penon doesn't need long hair, tattoos„ body.plerces, or anything else to alienate the normals.A truly weird person Is weird for weird's sake, not to get attention. If a person Is truly ready, the tattoo will manifest itself through the legitimate metaphysical channth. A genuine freak understands that personality flows from within, not vice versa. Dangerous thinking Is liberation. Bizarre behavior Is its own reward. If any other reward is earned, the act logically ceases to be weird. To do something when it will benefit you In no way whatsoever, and to do it for this very reason, Is the essence of art-EXCEPT In the following all. too common Instances. 
— WHEN IT ANNOYS OTHER WEIRD PEOPLE. The line between weird and obnoxious Is • mile thick but most of the drunken clods who cross it are 
Procrastinator • August. 1993 
blind enough to hop the distance In record time. Perhaps they are still trapped In their shell of normality and can't admit It, but for some reason, when liquored up and confused by emotion, they tend to go ridiculous lengths to prove the extent of their liberation. Seeing an attractive person of the opposite sex, they make lewd passes designed to fail. Seeing people dancing, they feel obliged to darn as well; and they prove so drunkenly inept at this that the dancing going on all around them is forced to abate, and an uncomfortable air unsettles the mood. The real dancers' beers become endangered, and they all stand Mere, watching and shaking their heads, until the dullard.in-dancer's-dress grows bored, dtoay and dry, finally going back to the bar, as out of sync with the made and the other dancers as he WAS in the beginning. These poor saps confuse ecstatic spirituality with petty destructiveness and boorish matmers. They are loud talkers and rarely kt the softer speakers get a word in. The are so full of themselves that there Is no room for anything else and those around them are compelled to freeze, like mannequins whose only purpose Is to listen, nod and laugh approvingly. I have, myself, known what fun such self-absorbed obnoxiousness can be. However, I have always lived to regret it. The fact Is, when you step on other cool people's buzzes, you step on your Own. — WHEN INJURY OR DEATH IS TOO STRONGLY COURTED. Driving weird is unacceptable, for example. Acting weird towards a policeman who has pulled you over is, similarly, not advisable. It Is the curse of the weird that so much weird behavior winds up in acddental Injury', death or incarceration. Weirdness and good judgment all-too rarely go hand-lm- band. You can be weird and still wear your sealbell. You don't have to dance along the edge of a rooftop at dawn, drunk oat of your mind, to impress us. The fear that we feel watching you make a fool of yourself Is neither liberating nor fun. We're afraid we'll hare to call an ambulance, spend sobering hours In the hospital lounge and later tell our friends that you're In traction. The damage you would bring upon yourself would taint all of our future weird behavior with its repercussions. It might be weeks until we start acting like freaks again. We might even be shocked into settling down. Similarly, over.indulging In drugs or alcohol, far beyond the levels you're used to Isn't brave at all, but silly. Pacing and tolerance. awareness are your best took for enjoying a wild night out; they should't be what you're rebelling against or trying to transcend. This Is sound advice I remind 
myself of ail the time, and still forget the mioute my bunt Is on. The hardest thing for a hedonist to master Is selfdiscipline. If the hedonist can, raging continues. If they can't, the alternatives are tragic: jail, rehab, the morgue, or... normality. — WHEN IT'S NOT POSITIVE! Anybody can be weird in a bad way. Just grab a weapon and start serhsgingl Pot drugs in the puppy's food, tell misogynistic stories at parties, sulk in the corner, refuse to partidpate, talk about factory farming at the dinner table (my favorite). In this all too grim world, your excess evil is not needed. Wrap your weird energy In positive light. Instead of pouring a beer on your friend's head, offer him a fantod. See how confused they are at this sudden out of place act of generosity. Spontaneous gifts and compliments are so seldom given amongst oar socially skewed generation that they actually have good shock value. You'll freak someone out a lot more by bringing them flowers then you will by dumping live roaches in their bed. Roaches they know how to deal with, but flowers? Waldo them stammer out amazed thank yous, watch their face turn red as They fumble around for a rase; have a good laugh at their expense. Next time you're at a Perty, befriend some lonely soul In the corner whom you'd never normally notice, given that you know every one else there and they know no one. Such a bizarre act will benefit everyone in ways you cannot foresee. Remember: you can catch more flies with sugar than with arsenic, and the truly weird person likes to catch lots of flies. 
RULE TWO: FIGHT NORMALITY WITH BOTH FISTS OPEN. When the bizarre and unusual ceases It's fight, normality and Inertia settle In. Like death,they are both always victorious. Keeping ourlives nonsensical is a daily boodle. Weary of the endless days as the front lines, we start to fantasize about the simple life we left behind. We think of MOM waling for us back home, apple pie in the over, stern lecture about "getting serious" waling to drop from Pop's lops, and we want tomtit the fight and get back In time for a slice and some guilt. Buffeted by harsh climate of uncertalntly, death-cognizance and poorly defined peer relationships, we retreat from the front, get a thirty year pass and spend the rest of our lives recovering from the little bedroom mom kept just so. We turn our backs on the fight and flee to rest, rehabilitation, responsibility and respect for restriction. We find solace In stupid sitcoms and game shows, their very stupidity a comfort 
after all the painful evolving we'•e done. Our overstretched souls are soothed by supermarket tabloids. Our lives are willfully forgotten and we live Roseanne Barr's or Julia Roberts's Instead. We poull a reverse Peter Pan, refusing to stay young. Instead of living In Ore, we sit in the living room, soaking In television water until oar burns heal RULE THREE: KNOW THE SCRIPTURES AND KEEP'EM HOLY. The guides to successful weirdness are everywhere. Thank Gad, for without them, we would be an army without ammunition. Luckily, we have a rich body of transcendentally bizarre works to suffuse us with inspiration and motivation The classic seers of weird for weird's sake are the Mars Brothers; any of their first seven films Is a text In using   as a way to enlightenment. Jack Kerouac understands that, and he's up there with them. On our own current front we have the Malan Mud Band, whose antics and songs are apt Illustrators for weird.for.weird's sake humor. Other patron saints of the bizarre Include: Sun Ra, (early) Woody Allen, William S. Burroughs, Camille Paella, Lao Tze, Chudikhead, Zippy the Pinhead, Shakespeare, W.C. Fields, Orson Welles, Salvador Dail, James Joyce, Tom Waits, Carl Jung, Stanley Kubrick, Hieronymous Bosch, Aldous Huxley, Frank Zappe, Bela Lagos', Nicholas Cage, Lou Reed, W.B. Yeats, Peter Brnegel, Bob Dylan, the Marquis de Sade, Cary Grant, George Clinton, Ed Wood, Jr., David Lynch and, of course, Sigmund Freud. They have all helped no keep the door slightly ajar In the darkroom of the unconscious, enabling the less perceptive to get more than Just a frustrating glimpse into the great unknown. Not only that, but through their altitudes and humor, they instruct as how to cope with the burden of seeing "too much", for life is scary without the security blanket of normality around us. In opening oar eyes to transcendental beauty, we also open our eyes to the ever. present horror and death that we normally shut out. These great explorers of the psyche can teach joyou how to laugh at the cosmic ke. They've proven that what doesn't make any sense is really all that does. By attaching importance to meaninglessness, they liberate the mind. They confront the horrifying vlod of ultimate reality and crack jokes. They supply as with the courage to come face-to-face with the marled sight of all, ourselves, and to laugh In our own face. Thus, in (171M wouork,'"wl ke7pd"ittye everpresent normality at bay. Stay weird. 
3 

AN OFFER P.T. BARNUM WOULD NOT UNDERSTAND! 
WIN FREE TICKETS TO WHAT OTHERS ARE CALLING THE BEST 'LOOFA YET! 
PROBABLY TO BE REPEATED! 
SOME OF MBODS AND • . The Mexican Mud Bend EVERTS MORO P0OP00PTIL007at 3Z: 1TE ITIEMICFIR THE WIRD, VR1.111111 EYFORT MU) DVFERERT ZPECJR1.1 GREST3 EVERY WEERI EVERY THURSDAY IN AUGUST & SEPTEMBER Al' PLANNERYS RESTAURANT di BAR CORNER OF 14TH STREET es SEVENTH AVE, NYC. Argon, rthantilng mg will delInttnly get In free. provided that y0{1 entry away from microphone. , . 4,, It a, . ..5.-- -.-,, • 1. . ..i..r44.1,  177.!..•! > '•-q!, ‘'?. ' „ ' . _ • 1 - 'Z. vaeum Effort  ,, , . "t v i, 1L1,•-■  .  F. n me Seel 
CLASSIFIEDS 
HELP WANTED!  Classified Ad Person. Must have experience and be able to start immediately.  OONZO JOURNALIST to write foe local nugatine. experience in chemicals helpful. No limas to kneel Cab prlsm and publication! 
MISCEU,ANEOUS  FURNITJRE SALE My boyfriend's SUM and thriving unit. Special deal-$S01 All his clothes and 13 la' shoes - only ONE DOLLAR! (51.1 Shims and panu site 38 want and 36 length. Cell Maria at (212) 552.1280. If note aw.a annum lung up end dl bark Later 
WANTED TO SUBLET  Deluxe townhune nth ice machine and built in Per dispensers4 smoke a lot, so water everuhing down before I move in...  ROOMMATE NEEDED SULTRY lounge singer in scat. et ruderoarenute. preferably over• loaded with vice, weight and height.  PUPPY FOUND  Near Park and 84th. Possibly Lab and Husky. though tasted like chicken with enough prim. 
SEND ALL CLASSIFIED ADS AND RESPONSES TO MAX, 200 W. 15TH STREET, APT IG, NEW YORK, NY 10011. ALL ADS WILL BE PUBLISHED! GUARANTEED! THIS IS NOT A DRILL! 
PERSONALS  RICH. attractive SWF • Bored with ouccesaful, handsome men seeks ugly, Inept, pax clod, preferably very old, foe Isom life tau been a complete lel...Let me show you a hot time, I'll wine and dine and such you in at night Let one make a new nun out et yen and bring out the taeury that I knew you have inside. ) t k old' g, loser! Box 32678, Proccutinator. 
BINVM. blonde and petite -seeks AC/DC plums. with tug., eggplants, cet bran and farm machinery. Must be clean, di... NO SICKC6I Diesel ally. Box (22232) Prountinator. 
SIP seeks tall androgyne, tending ...ads male, for long talks and walks along the b ch. Must be barely endowed, for reasons I will explain as I get progressively &luau on our lint date. 
Balding SWF seeks ratting mobably lost foe er round Lincoln Center last weekend (Mat • party, d.ughl) It ins • gold. hoop earring. Reward: Negotiable. Will settle foe WI. DJM, 35.70 with more than enaigh gaud note and esah en buy tee another one, or ter least a wig. BOY 12822, Prouaninatix. 
OUT ON THE TOWN 
DXM seeks American know-how in the form of an anatomy lesson. preferably might by Kim.. wash genuine, tangible anatomy. Will reward handsomely with lavish dinnen and eventual chemical dependeray. Box 873, Procra.nnot 
Sett-Kok. SWM daperateh reeking an F .11ing ea toque the fact den I'm bate. well like disinfectant and have never watched one episode of Seinfeld. My teeth have lust tome In the mail from L.cmb.0 and I'm dying to show my new anik ro e girl with sueree of hunne, but non • ens that hinges on Seinfeld. know irony inn:ratite/spot, to drank bee, in fraud, and will WI you eminently to pen them Your Merelewill be amazed at my unary 
SWM melts F, any sort, for blurry sea and constant nagging. M. not be upset if I forget your name, birthday. birth control. bladder control, and more. My hobbls include: excessive sleeping, television .tchug, parancia and <kW= tremens. No drugs or alcohol!!! Or at least no cheap domestic beer. (or at least not nun) Box 33564, Proceetinator 
CAPTAIN HOWDY'S DEMON CULT KEGS AND KASE-SI We ...Aka she competition!' When flea Davit come• to yew done, 6'11 want as 6aa., anal haliava ins', a eerninl 666-8787 - Wet dakeoel 
MUD MERCHANDISE STICKERS-FREE I I DON'T HOLD BACK TAPE - ONLY S5.0011 (NEW RELEASE COMING SOON) T-SHIRTS-410: Long/short sleeve colors, white, melds, etc. write For custom orders and limited edition 'Get Stoopid• smears and recieve your frsoMexicon Mud merchandise catalog. THE MUD MERCHANT 160 1127th Stroot #66 NYC 10016 
This was Etkh'S Mon?* bet leB3W - BMX 

4 
Psocarthotor, Amigo, 1993 
