
"The feel good fanzine of the 90's!" - Scott Adams 
In this issue: 
Evidence reveals that a Procrastinator reader in East infection, New aersey came dangerously close to submitting an article. Skeptics believe the man had been k.ttin' the hot foot powder. 
Link discovered between Shasta cola and LA.S. social desensitization of the late 70's. 
Center for Abused Pets convention goes haywire after disgruntled gerbil --berates itist;ce :erste.m. Lagreco returns to tepid Procrastinator eception z ii IAN z-P.,-. . A. 104.221 

111511CatAit:.:-7,1CIOCZ.21 

song MUD GIG: NOT TO MISS! 
Fri Feb 17 11pm NEW Mil( cart New York NY (212)941-0900 Wed Mar 1 8pm Ltr9lt1 ll glint Bethlehem PA (610) 758-41581 Thu Mar 2 lOpm EAST LA. Syracuse NY (315) 471-1148 Fri Mar 3 1 lam 011011bligil COL. Syracuse NY (315) 469-7741 Fri Mar 3 10pm OLD (ITT HALL Oswego NY (315) 343-9453 Sat Mar 4 10pm (I or ROCK - OX Rochester NY (716) 274-4901 Fri Mar 10 11pm NEW IlkiJIC Care New York NY (212) 941-0900 Sat Mar II 8pm CANQA C.OLLEQC , Auburn NY (315) 252-9276 Do you silently lust for complete pandemonium? Do you fare well under riot conditions? Let us know, send us E-mail at: MexicanMudDraol.com Want a copy of the Mud's CD? send SIO to MUD MERCH, 951 Second Ave, 2nd Floor, NYC 10022. Make checks payable to Mark Can Want our free newsletter?: The PROCRASTINATOR CALL WE HOUSE OF MUD 49 ( 2 1 2) 759-0454 I 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DUPLICITY SELF TEST 
has been olmiCally Drove that individuals afflicted wen contradictory doubleness ofm thought. speech or Won may aggravate employershvork aliSoaates ate or peers and eventually muddle their Children and Wean* religiously:ethically ambiguous Very few professionally 01 man-any successful people nave vaguely donned chewier structures. It a MS been suggested mat by choosing Safes and *Senna vehemently. One can avoid forever remaining an irresolute Shed., 0' what One coup nave been 
Here are some sample tdortSynef are traits that should help you eatable', a solid identity When set a adiecaves best describe you? 
B A 
. Cool Hoe 2. warm toed romantic selfish adolescent .5. given to h moon ics reticent. reserved ,4 unwialut puritan 15. cherish interns adore wealth lb. enlgastioned kv art driven My work empitical erudtte 8. provocateur diplomat 9. meticulous. ploishr.g cagnmous. erratic 10. *IMAM* blustetv solemn. keuscl 11. expletive laden nelson< 12. bibliophile Wert bur 
It you answered A lot more than 6 or the above. you are a burl benernian. I suggest you Imbue* the DOJO La 80,teme. the Book Bet and other asiesmstin9lY nip haunts in the Village. Plan on low mane. idealistic spouse. rugger child*, 
you answered B too more Man 6 of the abate. yOu aro a vented fasces' and you should become famular mth Zip Coy. Murpny'S Pub. and The Third Down Scans BM Man On kluei•layered StOCk gertfOlie. abuStve SPOUSe. bitter hippy eniimen 
11 you came cut wen an even soro. try again 

YU' ICC CAN la A IFSEITID CEILEITM-- 
Have you ever been in a trendy restaurant on me East Mane and have bumped alto Semite,* whO 100sed at you won a dosdaintul. how-Wt/yMnewitmOCCPPYlatstmends•el rnralready***SUrdeneckhrne 100k? your mina strained 10 attest Some plausible identth• coon. and in your confusion. me deny Metal out of yew, 4.10 a Crowd of Wanted gawkers. Hours later It dawned cm you mat the person was no celebrity at all but Just another New YON., lastly COmmeed 01 some Wept:canted amid Ifs tne New York Maude Wes len. WM leollywdal notsportv Chafe K Orticies new pamphlet difysei. My Fan Caw. And (S19 95. Rynede PuteCatiOnS) you can Nam M. saws of see adorat on "11. 1,505. who Oat., need wealth. PaPparati and talent to feel famous. in it you can learn. 
r. How to an rudely to waders and Nit gel your road spat on 2 Haw to cOnviht a beer gut from a gluttOneve bunkn to a status symbol, 3 oroper maitre a' greasing technouss. imckdang the phone...ant-totals* ploy, Rae Cellular phone indudech 
Shopping for A New Defense Mechanism 
Wee. 1995 5 here Wan. the the new year here 1 is lime to reevaluate our Wes. A Char.* to beedmIt dOSer to estranged Mends asa relahves end to rawer yOur beta** well 0000 cheer However is also a time of Von loses. oa10 yanking relativeS. and market inslibility allot Man ca^ lead to maw. ulcerating attend There are a number or ways to case volh claustrophobic stress sources Listed below ate a few Cur** mOEMS 
The Lagreco'Margaret OuntOnt Apathy- model The cheek turner wake OfferS the user the abitly 10 d*Crem we...sten:ten. COn• strucbve vetoers from tnSeettntrdnven scaPegOahseesing barbs and ignore both. (Intoxicants net inCladeal 
The )(tertian 'Wasn't me- model The years top saline meaa is yelled !Or adalstoent wan-sabot smo strive to tee, foppishly independent Works well On gutION and garnaeuS ryes The Leo( -Tenacious Needing' model This is one of last 00/S big SOWS It Wend* by wOrtimg up to a week a time vahantly trying to MIMS the provocateur 
Some Omer Pagutir models The Mao -laugfung on Me Outside. searing on the model The Paean 'Phase Our model The TeSauf0 -SOW, LOOk Of Dealt, model The Martin I don't gel it model The Crui "Confuse am with scnwangirsens• mode; 
The Belated XMAS Joke: Q: What is the most annoying thing about Christmas shopping in New York City? A: New Jersey 
New York - The 
peevish hells of every day existence: Global melting pot emits toxic odors: Free enterprise of the panhan-dler, Do all beggars have HIV?: Subway evangelists: Who invited all the tourists? 
II my 01 you Speak Japanese. French. Spanish. Cronese or any ol the languages be muttered over the incessant noniung of cab horns. please 'eel free to inform Mese lamas tnat !NI places upon which they are Standing, loosing up at budding,. turning a cund proles like dizzy weebles. are known or Athena as sidewalks Please Pant Out Mal Me second MN or that term snakes moan. usually tonvard with some mow, mined destination And although 4 calla be argued that spinntrig around gating at Dud. .9 tons* indeed motion. I doubt that the presents's:. Or Mal argument *Mk Step me from trying to ail MOPS Wean pedtdiNIn barriers int0 tne path of a vaned tam lamer. Can 1 ate Call them cab Overt' PC you know I think they might be pudic earapOnaton engineers these days If you can knotty get through Me damn town*. be prepared to be 'wet assaulted by noire enterprosing pennandler. pleading win you rot some spare change so Mal they might eat today. It's an imptenil moment. 00111 Pre cheap rye is detected On Mt breath The unlonunate beaten n Trod 01 you aSSUreS you Mat no is 111V peetwe and has been unable to rerane help horn the government. The lying bastard reeled 01 tern* and he's aCCOSIng me. On my way to Me Job I despise. for which I nada. my way through these bastards live days a week SO Mat I might anerrel to 00101 the bun MS leech is spoiling at nine in be warning Of Coale it never Occurs to me at the moment o nnironutipn to ask how many hrnes he shot up with duty noodles WON he contracted the deadly disease. You if finally gotten away boon the beggar werena het spitting on you. Just in "me tor the walk sign to tam deep red as you step down Otto the street to POSS. It chutrkles al you as it grins born eat to ear won 'OONT WALK' you look at ye.r watch to see now long rts taken you to walk Pet brutal an a Wok, wnen you ate shoved from porno. almost falling es Iron Of a dock mown Gab You turn around to see a rather unapote-oak swine with fresh out of the box roller blades laded* MS *el TN visor is teaming bow to bleat donna rush hour C. a busy Sidewalk Pm tor the course. he can barely Stand never mind WO On too Own accord Eke what the hell. tI no wasn't on me aige. well Weary around accosting pedestrians. ne'd be in the road. taxing up a lane of traffic and causing Me named anxiety of a feeding henry among the moionitS The shan ass crossing post 'melts has annoyed you enougn and turns green You are almost the* The entrance to the subway is closed. Vase Mary be ondrogro‘cO, awry In5n the insanny of the street. nnk again The tunnel is about twenty degrees warmer than your Mitten du03 sauna and by the number of people on me platform you suspect that the trona are not rumen at least not tree of COrnplreatanS. JuSt as you've resigned yourself to no only shgriti,..., corntonno notion that 4 Couldn't possdey get any wale. a black women in her *any 10, has sane Caterwauling at the top of her ka*S. 'God ma strike you down inners The end is near Rope* now Or feel ine wears or God Almighty' What do I do to p55 On God recently, It must nave been reiatwety senOuS. because M Puaenes me daily test le me Another day in the big Siren saturated flashing nghtS pl the not SO bright any 
Proctastinatnr *.jarrtraTT. All444). 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
sere 
SLACKER'S GUIDE TO TRANSCENDENTAL MEDITATION 
N Me New Yeas or 1995 there is no longer an excuse nol to begin the wont you know you need to knish by 2000. Me 'Inner work of achieving nirvana. transom, dental damnation. saton. complete and row /Demean from lean and desire, and good poshest Berg a taty. shrtless. no-gader you ware to avoid *chewing Ma tft had way. mnough a lifetime of meditation end seff-discipine You want to get up. slay up. hie any way and we al Ihrt PROCRASTINATOR can show you now Don't AnSwar the Phew wn try to play Phone Calla are de onStrUment of the dent They cane Oul Of nOwhere. like avows Of comer/aeon that cut into Me blissful irvier.silenCe you we arming to achieve. telowng a ward in your hazel. Psyche 
2 Indulge in Excess & Debauchery Only by sating awry perverse craving of the nosh can one realize the hollowness of physical Cleistate and leave the Sheafes of swirly desire without later Morel ✓on one must oot nsvw Onto so mud, hem the founts, of are till I must throw up into the toaat"d he or she expects to troy be harmed from easy desire 

A scene horn Me New veers Bash 
!TB IN Trill RIE S 
0 Well rt Mars the case. what aboul yew nude some m 'Life and times 01 J.L.K ' 
A. (Laughs) I was under a very Wheal contract or Met pone in my life I had Meetly musted that home, nudity be included in every picture I was m 
0. Doesn't Hervey Kertel nave a smiler contract, 
A Well WWI wen you. I was basically emulaang Harvey when I eaed tot Mal I regret a now. not because I'm were mNbged. but because well handy. ifs ;peen colder 
O You've always been weal about your mint to be a sexist Dastard. no why is it nal you agreed to change Me controversial yr. Of 'LOW Dom" fran 1 should've soot the bitch !should've mot the Won On down 'to it should nave baked a cake. I should nave baked a ake for Me gut, 
A' Well. actually the fee 'shot the ace on down' was interpreted wrong The 'a down' pen cookHed some d our eugbroleyong WM me thonkrg the 'been' wan 0 COCA 'Shed. me CoOr is wnat trey say 10 encourage call °Chet to drink beer out o' each avers boots They cal Men 00015 MICheS in tad they Call amost everything 'Niches' WNW 'bake' in this case Means '11,00t a chin' and 'bake a Cane for meant 10 Shed a bullet nto. al least for the rugby guys. and theyre oa Canna barometer. unfonunatery O So your lyncs remain steadfastly subverme and nesogynisec Is this a biCktaSh against the current. almOSI MSCisec. Ove•readOn conceming Vollcaldortectnese or are yOu merely tinging toe State 01 amnled adoleSance, Do you kOreSee any tone n the future when you mg. come around to being sera.* toward gamer issues, 
A if wrung about bitches and na a CO/Wally marred then I guess I'm a WIN old-lash 
0 Pardon me. Cad you say roe, 
A: Y.!, hos. as in Niches and nos. You know, hey. rte 
O. Hey. ho. Hey. he, Like Santa Claws, Ora dwan going to works What 00 you think about the fact Ow Snow Whle's dwarfs were all named atter delandlY mar.. hoe personalty dysfunctions, 
THE 6 BEST PARTIES OF 1994 
(Of course. lb re were many parties and gatn•rings to I naven'i the space or memory to mar. here! 1. The Marc and Donna Wedding bonus: Bookers. amazing food selection. sYnntme19 away MM.. beautdul dements' bellogereol grenlood leaving 2. Max's Sun.. Birthday NAY: ton. Sad and tInnk Owen, PO., Rangers dements couch chrome unknowns 
3. New Year's Bash eonns awesome nba •cornbread. self Orra 
demerits' adding. too many teddeSS OCRS 
4: M.'s Halloween Party SlasivImg.ckverse crowd Ihneeyl. great costumes (Darien and Jia. parbculany) dements no cups grouchy negnbas 
5: Scott Darren and Holly's Housewarming bonus great toad music drunken fools dements Groat, danCe nO.Or. drunken Gets 
6: Erich and Dave's ChrIstrnes Party dements same ad faces bonus Eno, s sweat and bugged eyes. everyone danced 
A Are yOu askong we 10 name the PAW mernberS that way? Wee. Don woad be 'Sleazy' Scott moan be 'Crest' Man would be 'Shingly Man would te bloody" anal would nave to be 'Saucy' 
Your Making a reference 10 the hint 'Spinal Tag' word yOU say the Mane 01 popular music as cergengloadorescenvremesy Addles 10 you, A Well it would be no exaggeration to say l w seen Mel tin Over a Maw sand ernes. But or course. that was when I was younger Now I ern trying new directions. Like. Spinal Tap never tned lo pay funl. Or te0 a ant' Of the thens we try to play. How about Mat, Larl's talk about Ore Sandal a Mw years ago earn you and me ormer ol that Barracuda farm in Oswego, New Yak . 
No. cut's don't talk about we and the Barracuda Men' 
Experts Foresee Decline of Intelligence in America 
(The editor would kke to prelate M. anKee by rernindng readers that our Men. to pan any submitted articles was in earnest And now Odes Darren 3 Mudd Wade.) 
There NU beets an onCreaSn'g amount 01 controversy and debate surrounding the recently psi wMO Snags of several leading Social scientists and enthropotOgoSts These works of research are predicting man. arready Mann a decline in the level of intelligence in America The consertaus al least amongst Mese MaclensCS. is tact the gap between the onteleCtuala and the mean will continue 10 grew. Viewed by 'ie. IMellogenl-ArnenCana repohtkOong muds more rabedly then Me men end Of tree Dell graphs I don't dens hostwoomus g01 Ills one The Con' troversy has areen between those wno believe Mat intellogena tests are a lame and (rose one behove Mat coat the reasons int, Cale d an mates.; rnatoMy 0' generic pools made up or mates voto below avenge intalgenee Un'alu.lely a  as a relatvedy Sernanbc debate On One SKIe you have Me academes who arraigned the exams On 
AmerIse  are roost Mot were co dose 10 mar three 09? kne tor their comfon and danl believe Cara minute Mal MOW* average. and quite certainly ma below. So? Whet do you care? Well as I see we have only two COWS'S Ot action for our future Choice One Keep UP won the Jon. Read Deno*. cats. novels. bm;yaphieS. autobiographies. prolesSional townies. come Woks. etc Anything that snares unelleCtull stimulabcn. as tiresome as rt is should be contained al a feverish rate at any and every free moment Wareh dOCurneonlarieA the news and every Other pace of audoonsde0 stimulus which might expand the Mind Sound grueling. demented. anti-social' Hey It does to me also. not to menton mat after as Ms you'll be a social outcast. Segregated from the masses. And eventualy the masses of intel. leCtual midgets yid rise up and take Over by fora But Wt S nel forget Mat second option Ch.* Two. Bran an massacre Do you want to be an outcast a Social No, I cldn't think n would sound all Mat appealing You too can a a social star in tomorrow's witless sky. AN you need O a In* ambition ton the tack Mae or Watch 0 religiously Grisham novels are good Maybe do some Quality drugs. On sure to stay away horn anythong that mgtn be refereed 10 as now] impending.' Remember the goal neve. The Cht3•Ce rs yours. Out I think the easy nvOney d On ProoraStinaton 
Procrastinator ii.laretrah 1095 At444-14 
O. Walk then how Won lie recent contemnal firkin of your tople. pancake hame 
110011 hying hoot MOD. vole, new * OVER' 
lEditors note The answers ()aye Parsons gave e errs morrow are na necessarily MOW he would nave oven were these ouedlons actually asked of hen) 
(Dafium Effort 
1, alum Effort.. the "Hot Tuna' of the Mexican Mod Band has tun release) Frand new tape.. Golf (212) 46C-1 '4)7 for sour Sic opy Man: I 
Pate T nem 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NM ANT MO 
Note. All letters to Aunt Acid are considered her property and may not be returned in me dry. unchewed condition m which they armed 
Dear Aunt Acid. 
My grrtnend and I nave been fighting for a reek now about my inabsty to marrasun any 5041 Or Conerem Keelung 01 thinking pattern. thinking pattern being an anachro ram in my opnion. my opinion being an anachronarn an 450. end linachrOnisre and '45er being synonymous being mink mg. being a Masking being being awl an anacmonern I need advice. ON speeds my vice. so reason *Mena Wm OMmen IC my shattered nines Can you prescarDe a canon Mat won't Ong stananance with Its caning 0, softness wen Ito banning yet will cure my sax syntaxeS 1009.1.9 tore an order b ore words, 
Si Cerely Pressured 10 Prowl/SS 
Dear P P.. 
You nave come before the great and powerfia Aunt Acid to ask for conerenCe. because the chemist forgot to leave you some brain Yet what is coherence?. Professors bore students with n mothers stele Pullen .1110. It causes wOrk weeks • to stretch 010 weekends and aging adoescents to become stodgy and sedenpor-lam Remember. es not moment now much sent.* you make but how much make you sense m Men. Mal wny I am gawp 10 Owe you something more important Man COnerenCe. I am Mang to Owe you a thesaurus 
Dear Aunt Aod. 
AA of my Me I have been pragued by mdeCepon I spend hours al Ma grocery store 
tryng to decide what to buy and Men. mkt* waging at M. I amide I wit to Pod al a deferent StMe. and world up 1111asna OM the dor everyone staingairna as bas I go thirsty because I cannot decide what border. Can you help me ladle more cnex,y and with boner results, 
Strcereky. NOt Sure gamier Pseud:my. 
Dear Pseudo-Clever.nym. 
The only trouble wan you is. you haven't krona anythng worn` deo:WV realty knew what you wanted, you'd be at Me bar nom nay trying to get a nee one Feign I recommend bourbon? Of course a the snots are sent *hem you hen:, our you may nave 10 subiodde ion beer Awed anything ' As for 1000 Y yOu need Is SOme oftras and peanuts to help wash the alcohol dom. if the me 0 toe long r your local supernurket. snooty 
Dear Aunt AC•a. 
Frn • career tingle gal who has been dating a nice, boring guy tor over 104., mOnen new. Is it 100 IM*10 get Id of hres We game to bans and he buys me drinks. stares at me. talks to me Ines to toss me I hate him. I wan? 10 welds IM band or UM In handsomer, rhyme, men twin 1.0,11 ha, On Mee needs I'm bones 10 dead, 01 ram and ha work stone. Tne 1,0001 a. he's towed. How um I 61.01 dot dude Okil Ora, ha duCate 
Your, Done Won DoOM 
Dear Dopey. 
Casilk Nairn and Ohen eventimay hal sad seem thin. handsome and charmmo Then. unlonunately. he we leave you. Make sure he Waves yOu moat', too you haw* problem and don't know voter* to turn for /*novo.* unsound advice. smte to 'Aunty Adds Oa Mexican Mud Band' 951 2nd Ave/ NYC 10022" sne can hob 
PROCRASTINATOR BEST OF/WORST OF '94 LIST 
BEST 
1. Dave's Concrete Hangover: -Don Martin 2. Milo 2 3. Prohibition Of Silicone Implants 4. Pulp Fiction (and soundtrack) 5. Pete's Wicked Winter Brew 6. Mexican Goatee Band•we're waiting, Man and Don 7. Erich topless and Darren spinning at The Levee' 8. America Online 9. Tarryton House 10 SMOSOnS, Seinteld. Space Ghost. Herculoids 
WORST 
1, Pseudo Bohemians 2. Kinderwhores and Club Kids 3. Counting Crows 4. WPIX Yule Log CD Box Set 5. New Jersey Transit 6. lip, belly and eyebrow rings (finger,toe, nose and ear OK) 7. Erich's Goatee-keep your day job, kid 8. VR Troopers (Power Rangers IVA 9. Other bands' newsletters 10. 9•year-old white kids talking like gangstaz  'You had lo be mere   
Classy Frieds 
IMPERSONALS 
WORDS WANTED Wort:Bess song. writer Seeks words. especially worCIS with vowed. preferably A or E. example 'Era' las in 'we're ming in a ful•irne era- or 'Era. loll ben p1. Spnnghelder WM accept words that start wen 'r and are over lo roan lie. hethy0Sateve -Intolerable-) Will pay cosh for every word 01 yours I use Send each word Separately in an unmarked brown 600 to Space Bar PO8 3245 
USED CAT One oaring laboY abnYen and deetawsio MO* used. Call' 'ink* 879-0087 
our Quarto 
IMPERSONALS 
PHONE SEX Some of the Mast new models are waiting to talk 10 YOU. inciuding -Cellular: she s SO thin end SmOoln and likes 10 do n in Pm car Or your the type wno laces a lat. pink cord you can teasingly twist around your /m-oors. there's Mr. "Traddienal' These phones make Mud. monotonel nodes end beep in await' when your owner, any 01 1n011 spatial 'DOOMS. Pickup One now ne number needed. 
IMPERSONALS 
SEMOIAR•MARKETING SCHOOL. Want to make some tog SSS in lust hour, You too can explore the last mow. mg. OuiCiebuck world a 'get rich-Quick Wren's' Just send $300 to LI Sucker U. 878 Oldie Way w Or call 900 897 0987 tor 24 no men 
LOST Heavy waver pen. wry heavy Mt Mal hieevii. you can verse well it.. I don't *Yen want to talk about It anymore I SICM1 even want 10 think about where a landed.. It could neve landed down a subway gate. Its probably sating down subway grate rigM now. and a barn is brambly wriung wen my pen. He's INOth ably cashed a in right new and d buying something . a bogie. I think it was Mee good luck chawn or something I don't know Christmas places, enristrres 0.405 everywhere . Call M J. Mummy (9870987) 
IMPERSONALS 
FREE One frozen corpse. very stoic and csam: needs only reIngeratten and the right mimes terve Clam at back 04 Vinzetti Wats. 456 Gansemon Sr any UM after nuckept 
EXOTIC GIRLS. Very exotic women looking to meet men wno mink May've sawn a a Cie 1.900-9875 to speak to X.Crollata for $01051 mwdr1VM Unman and paralysis probe 
FOR SALE slightly used Id *go and superego Discount rates Mx rental. No refunds Rock star mamma and Cantu sett•oubt Coming* Dermal, a blenket P coduneSS and remorse. Cal Pia,Puti 'Slugger or 'Malfeasant* for a good assekeing 90879000  Too longer roe act is detay.0. The greater the 0M1Liunt °wow/ Lao Tau Procrastinator iiinfierms. 1995 Nitt4c. 14 
