Pt 

Meaningless, self-important pseudojournalism from people you'll probably never meet! 

MEMICAN NM DATE 
FRI MON SEP 30 6pm Alt. Sports & Mus. Fest. Middletown NY New York NY (914) 343-3134 (2x2)966-I2 OC' 1 1 Opm Wetlands MU OCT 6 10pm My Fathers Place I3ayside NY (71,$) 746-6595 FRI OCT 7 10pm Old City Hall Oswego NY (315) 343-9453 SAT OCT 8 10pm East L.A. Syracuse N\' (315) 471-1148 III OCT21 Ilpm New Music Cafe New York NY (212) 941-1008 SAT OCT 22 10pm Cahaloosa New Paltz NY (914) 255-3400 FRI OCT 28 I I pm U of Rochester-0X Rochester NY (716) 274-4901 SAT OCT 29 I I pm A.K.A. New York NY (212) 673-7325 FRI NOV 4 I I pm New Music Cafe New York NY (212) 941-1008 SAT NOV 5 10pm The I hotel Rhinecliff Rhinecliff NY (914) 876-8688 SAT NOV 12 lOptit Old City I hll Oswego NY (315) 343-9453 SAT NOV 19 I Opm Cornell U. - ZI3T Ithaca NY (607) 257-9828 SAT NOV 2(' II pin New Music Cafe New York NY (212) 94 I-1008 
We are SOfT• to report that the "Bee Hat" often WPM by percussionist/vocalist Scott Lehr was lost in a small brush fire in the back of the van (which is affectionately, refined to as "The Pig"). Want a copy of the Mud's new CD? send $12 to MORE SALT, 951 2nd Ave, 2n4 F1, NYC 10022 Make checks payable to Mark C/M Want our newsletter?: The PROCRASTINATOR CALL (00 WRITE) THE' HOUSE' OF MUD tIt (212) 759-0454 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

NON DOMESTIC - FIRST CLASS 12 Statutes At Large Chapter 71, Section 23: $.02 per 1/2 Ounce POSTMASTER, for addt'I postage refer to 18 USC See. 1726 & 1702 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ALIENS STOLE EDDIE MURPHY'S TALENT! 
Top Mayas for Mr. Murphy have now officially fled sue against • inysterlous See Corporation tat they clatm tea &phoned Eddle's tent to the ems In exclaims la thernIcal leNnology. Tee Is a grouncibrelUng case' the lawyer said wth erne certainly. if wo could ewe/ recover his tent we might ism the beery Of our Mute corner/cheerer Wee the sun e have not yet cone torero to reef any charges. the tem, are Inlay mean thal when they do. they' wave tem Ike Buckwheat TM okra Pal good money lo loom to do Beeriest Impreesione.' says Timothy !hay. UFO Specialist, They find lel In love Met Edits from SNL ski via our teem ft a a pcpuar beet Uhl ea she the ewe began to reeve television and reek agree, they have worked to arrange socklenlal 'deaths' la the lavorlo sage and ontertators. In order to bang the see to the aeons planet But I went until the m1319703 that the alters developed • system to leave the body bead and merely ritylud the IN lerelY saving thrapon wets Most Ware dont reale the danger. Na the tact le, ■ the aliens catch your act on reeks and recognize you have a /am' W-ent 1hey1 sal lt, leaving you • has-been burden to the quaillyeaved enter tainreroconsurnen of Earth • This lea Sonic aim because I is the are Ike someone has sue the alters for theft of talon n aft be amoeba to say 11 the alerts are gong to hot obligated to return the talent, or f I Is even possble The tale of mankind could be data-treys It Eddle's talent Is not recovered shortly. Already a script Is bang put together for Bowery Hills Cop a, and In the fall, according to Mr Murphy's pubkal, he elk begat recording a a new album, 'showcasing a now, eron more mature Ireton In age soul-gap Since Edda A,Rnoi, hie no Nana to spare WI Ns made preserve m Taus M Death the Mutt we can wry pm that the alone we Alt show is the complete of restoring at lead some of his Irreverent genius 

GLOBAL WARFARE LINKED TO MUD LYRICS 
According to a recently released bullet hem the Social-Slues Network. AI the mob terns In the world may In fed stem from the vulgarity of the Mexican Mud bands song tyre to Teases' Mete huddled and mounters meanie upon Dave (bead of the Mud Eland) Parson' comet that regardless of this honeying revelation, the song would rot be altered In any way. -Thare the sad uuth of rf' commented the hoeseprescuelfrora permeate-baldness ear. 'Beetle rosy does Ike to do all the lege hs dekeed To deny eat he does would only encourage rim' 

easy. girlfriend. Lode 

When the dtiren• el the world could finally be reached for common, they hurled a dada scream Of mullIngual epithets The translator summed It up beaattully at the end of a ninety-day seminar M 'coping with awareness' at which several multidwellIng officials were rumored to have been spotted (and then more property moistened) 'No mate what peke offense might be causing the bloodshed, we see no rea-son to discontinue It at this lime? assured of Melt mutual deettuction, tho people seemed ready to forgive l'orsone for the damning lyrics and return keno reeved and wobbly 
The word is in!!! The New York Procrastinator is officially judged: 
'The Best by any standard applicable-' 
To MI our loyal supporters throughout the Global Village wo say: 
*Thanks for making us winnors for thn boom)/ Ntvonth yoar in a row. But you know. wore all vonnors And wo hero at the Procrastinator would Wm to take the Me to say a special thanks to the hale people,-those wee men and boys who went vabantly down to their deaths n taw Naval Skirmish of Althea, 1921. I can see them now; their bravo Milo hands clutching those miniature, inadequate tiloprosorvers; their indorrm• nibble munchkintand spirit carrying their souls aloft, even as their midget bodies went spiraling down forever to a briny rest in Davy-Jones' locker. Aye, that was the year my grand-daughter was to have been born, god. bless the condom that stole her from mo, rase your glasses to her raven beauty, you rowdy sods . anyway, lot mo say at this point that today's jour-nab= is overrun with frauds and lea-totalling foreign suburban communist pornographers, yet oven with such hoary excuses for competition, we sail feel some small dram of pads at vonnmg Ibis coveted award. I know we're an old newspaper now and wo tend to ramble a little bit, but. " (cut to commercial) 
JIM MORRISON RISES FROM GRAVE, ISSUES WARNING 
Legendary rock A Jan Monk:on returns /TOT DOW, announces 3- year deal nth TCC 
'I was ore waling tor the vile Repitilicans to leave the power-sear, he teed cut his UtoUtti royerique. the now I me awake from the hoop of the damned for a 'note important reason Van mere Ireedom fo expose Iroise on aka I must warn you all aval I micrma Admen ts allowed to continue Ns 141141r ash liar Presley get Etas Mee wit rise lrom the grave and summon all It followers. and theme w• be an many of hag dead Elva bans who Mil march Ten Neared and destroy Acconeng to Jackson instriers, the shy poet aetetnuo ol bed musk is preparing for ties ere by ening his personal submtuka clown to waken Aparase fen star, Cedillas hongtkne companion of Mr Jackson) from his proNstorie slumber. 'Dealing ash the tang deed to old Mt for Waver cortkled err of • particulates katherne gap of Ilea handless currently staying at aciison's home 'Only with someone of Elvis's stature, well. Michael Ns wants Godias M Ns se for 'sup 
When asked when the deadline was for this ubmalum. Morrison admIled that he could-nt remember the then proceeded to argue Ile Ns Me as the Me king- atcornalically made Croatia Ns select and theretoro ..4111 was entitled to all the whiskey mode In Kentucky Within minutes of concerning Ns lest snot, the Icon was dead again Lawyers for the TCC corporate are plarroN to go to roll to we tor breech of contract 

Mr Moki, upon hang 
GOD THREATENS TO MELT ARCTIC UNLESS U.N. PAYS HIM $3.5 TRILLION 
God May one out of biding today and held a Janne contest/we Anthony Lewis report*. 
The universe has been revealed al and it is broke God addressed a visibly nervous throng outside the steps of the U N. today. saying that due to mesas Nunes In economic thinking. the universe le In debt over as collective ears I can Ode °MIS) the nesse of the debt? God revealed. 'but If you can imagine a the heals Or fan in eke and the rate the uni-verse a expanding and mutely that by a f ued mortgage rale of 12.5 % accumulatig compounded interest for over 200 billion years. well. It's 
worse' 
According to a 300.5 melon year plan designed by God's personal account• mg stall, each off the Inhabited plam eh In the universe is required to pay the equivalent of 3.5 if illion dollars ewe other millennia God then added That the reason our recorded civiliza-tion h under a male year* old is due to the his last vett being so 'disap-pointing' as tar as earth's inhabitants obey to pay The weenie Is • dan-gerous place and I you ward to live it. you need my protection, and I hale lo break this to you, but a ant free? 
When asked what would become of 
the girth a manage could not pay up God answered; 'I can sum it up for you at a level aeon the kids can even understand Either 1 gel the money by Fnday, or else a three moon years the only evidence of hone esnienco the next inhabitants of this P111001 will find will be the body of missing union-organizer Jimmy Hoff& perfectly pre-served In amber, from which they'll Clone a small breed of teamsters for SAMS al a mysterious Island mess' irwmt-park • 
If the U.N. will heed the threat, god only 1,71001. and he's the coo makmg I in the lest place There has boon an announcement, however, that the 
president has requested former olympic gold-medalist Mary-Lou Rotten be meowed In amber, so that in case of the threatened armaged• don, the Tatum inhabitants of earth might have an alternative to cloning Hoffa. who. 'although a great organiz• et of labor, lacks the charisma and athletic ability so weenie to a suc-cessful amusement park exhibit.' Acceding to the president 'therefore (Ms. Fleaces)DNA would beer serve to Illustrate what was best about mankind: its unconquerable human sputa and spunky, good-humored determination to transcend physical, manta end epitome knit' Ms. Melton could not be reached for comment 
2 
Proaastkelor Mesa' 1994 be to Se tr—
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
'The Definitive 
Metall MVP MC (MN 
Nhat b it to be a Mud Man? What Join • tak to luck mese* In • slurry van with 4 very *nay young men tore to hour at a I me to arrive to bomitane* cheesy. eellatiembed, and swly (or worse, sparse crowds? Who knee& These men shop In imply beer and gnat cases and are Owed to eons Dewy, salad ban In the search of the Annan crowd. 'Minn actually pule IxIgN Ides (mostly) and thin wily banter orlon fen ban with cacoPhork Olen end chorale. usually Dave's. Munn any of you readers become Muck In a room with one of ifs Mexican Mud rnersches. It may become aviliwardly approthate to communloele sorb*. Perhaps lo horns them ChM they have *non your drhk and you vieukl It bock 
41.OSSARY: Each Mud member has a arguing (aril a world) of ha own. but they all sponge each oilsets conversation hooks Ike to many funk din Somearnes they become so tyncopharec, they start lo only resemble each other II ale gel wetly tegtharing 
SLOLAIDF_AING When a pertinence Is ravened by a treeklan's lack of talent or surplus of liquor 
NOODLING When a Mtitielan turns an winspied solo Into a er.aleinn (*ern* Usuallyoccult when a musician Inc a surplus of bourbon and or a shortage spectators 
SCHFIALP-Pelerded einem for gales lick 'Hey Schwangly, those we scene 
shroddIrg Kluge yet layte out Notelhere le a whole Sin language ca Schisms Use we W too motet ere eCcflellbeled to blues hen. WEEDLY WEE AND WEEDLY DEE Bane pet Wale Id Dave and Marc SitRAT • See page 4 
BEHAVIORAL ABERRAtiONS 
The hlutL av demi band. Is very yearn Judging the IrOeklual moods can be 1161.10,20411101 Ihrglyfrig. Although eanewhe compiler oherne, they an soh to cleaned a line ollegontie-atitLY1120 Al2P1112EUAILIFILAIMENI 1 The goofy. 'Party on . Gel them Sunk sloped. Owl away on-dily whiney 2 The rearm, 1 Ito played. rm Ned. Let them cry to their girenerce go away' etas 3 The Rock one Roll Demigod Stniem unit they mien to behavior Mowed pedestal 
SOME CAtCH PEfRASFS 
lie mon people. the Mod would Ike to fed tee people assimilate to thee' cavort-hg, so in order to entice one of the Mud members Imo a conversation, use some of these pcouckatoady aros (Inwee •irpressihs *tied to change according to Mud's luvonte movie songite show of the week) 
Dave -Ye whiffle" Scoll "No. wrucklup* Lkhtl elo lo (your name here) • 
Marc 'Hey eafaverealymart. hews 1 hanging?" Deer 'Lire me babe • 
SCIENTISTS PROVE IT!!! BREATHING FOUND FUNDAMENTAL TO ALL LIFE. 
'The lungs on other creatures are sometimes loss tasteful than they are on ours. but they're lust as dependent on breathing as human link-irk: commented a bovoldered of ('cal, before ho reddened and quickly added, think I meant bat the other way around ' When asked which way around the ahead intended. he deferred his definition of 'good taste to the hurl creatures in question, who ignorod sady, continuing to merely breathe in and out. as if nothing had cccurfed. 'They was a Me a bunch o' them goddamned zon buddhists all watche me there." noted an outragod Now Jersey resident. Yet no manor how badly the facts are gabled the message to earth pooplo IS sadly clear, and growing even sadderty deer with each %Welty impending breath: DEATH AWAITS' Come, come to death' 'coor to be dead. 
'Not even Immortality is certain if this is true' a certain successful fikn-cnbc noted. Al ready there are groups of upset fans who have decided to give up the fight. and yet can't seem to. The dam thing rs, it's impossible to not breathe wit out dying," was one brilliant phlosophers observation. SUE many are hopolul and none no mom so than your friends here at the Pmcrastnalor! In the meantime remember 'Breathe deity for good health!' Procrasenelor • *sr* 1994 oc-ruClet. 
Mat's kit lo Normidc Pitssiiis lo; misioins I. THE PERVPIIL ior TECHDIC111,) RIDER 
When • bard eetabashee a perlonnues contract with a particular yenta Pee. fraberrey, eladum etc.[. It le common that eking we the at payment for the perloonwase, the Menages of the eelablehmere wit prorate We flee IS • mdslonalned aeortrnote of beclakape IS flood. dere) a a gesture or noblesse oblige b mks lM onablens lest el home end per laps Inheres sat prbnmarsok TN lam the swab-its be yea =Soft 'mad Is ailed Ia poi-nt Msg. lin an • cog* of gigiaplail Wean Mud fIlds/ avabIe upon niquest): 
FRANK SINATRA's Technical Rider 
SeecaPbetay Megelne, Meet 1993 
12 rolls damn late Sewn can sCampbeRs chidten and ries soup 2 egg sandwiches cheese tray fincluding Brie) anon unfiltered Camel cigarettes two hart Ivory soap 6 boars Kieran teensy 6 linen napkin. t bag miniature toottie rolls Bowl of pretzels and chips IN/ Turin sudwicheas with lettuce earl WO sato ■ mar) and mumard on the ride) Ronk each of Mukha Vodka Jai* Daniels Whiskey Chivas Regal Sarah Coormsiee Cognac and Rerfraier Gin 
In rock skeins in 8 to 10 china- sin bar' ire feint iv/obtain liot plate I Alden. cough drops slum and red we of uneptched vintages 6 brutes Errant anger large [wade of Perrier vvire(75%air) 
VALIUM EFFORT's Rider 
1 1 75 liter bottle of Old Grand Dad Bourbon 2 buckets 6 bags Herds barbecued Pork Rinds 12 uncooked squirrels (preferably Bedewed) 2 lists Ginger Ale or Coke 26 pizza mob 4-begkscsokrevesew •—•• 4 begs lowed clippings 1 IOW (Mc of Cricket. no Lppos) 2 copies of !Ale Is now CD 1 bucket of ice 1 bowl of ice (for Erica's hand) I raw flank steak (for Max's eye) A Me respect Henke of gropies Seem Went wouldn't hurt 
Ilswite4“.1% niatalwarvi, aS dean ais. Yon coul.4 Laic ions to 3144e4etsch nath a S &au can 01 Awl/near hoorah 41J.043), a 3S cent Each at cisarcWis(tadar 43.S0), a to daLlsar kid(aaacc Avila" 1.100-000), and a S delr Lac bra Ittmlay elS•001 -avocet IPM4.3 FAt 
J 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WATER: A PRACTICAL GUIDE 
!.tiny people who oonsidor inomemeros rocraslinalon ale skeptical of are They ale to cinnk IL they rarely wash Mtn II. they're ma dal to snaboard on N. unless of cane is snow At beet. they mica wake Map II or use Ito rake Ice-cites. Woe, toe arta means to bang weir out of iho closet and onto Ito tale of may's agar. ANhough se matey tried Si nest Sine, water has been eclertinsa proven to be better at and-ceanching item alcohol. Cl course the alert& nor to third Is onty ore hall of the pie FP It* Obit, moats spiritual answer to thirst. nothing under 40 % alcohol a nay do And yet notes the-°ban Dodos El (t1 as Si Bras) Tale. •Vakm is the most alert alcohol known to men. Fe as tartan-4 And tratato as any oar iquld youl rid' In this artl-cie we MI teach wdermovbee the -ins' and 'outs' of Ins ancient, elusive subslanco As for your regular. mom expedenced awe. wet MI you a few tins you Maid know, that might make you roam that you may be Abusing your war privileges (NOTE II is highty recommended your read this arta several Imes bona you by eroding with water unorganised Tee ProCraehafor w9 net be held respond:10 lac any Irjulle4, aka: burned longue extreme wetness, (Soong-t area, MC 1 
BOTTLED OR FAUCETTED? 
Any New 'AAP MI tel you 'the water here. Ire so axed, ti conies from Saugerties.' ah nay? rhturdlee? Woodstock 19947 You want • bunch of mud-Caked pot(-tipple wackoseplothIng through your again* tract? Do you know what sort el nand Seth irg cankals they would We lo add to your drinking water? Do you want 10 end up helpless on your I. schen floor, gigging Se an Mott II the answer is nO. Ilion only bottled for you. Now the next decision. which rd7 in your local grocery store youl find a whole a1510 devoted to bottled water Here s SOCI*14* noosing too fight one for you (I) 1,1*0 WOO the w40110 cia, you should be able to see nett through It 12) Make sure the bottle is can and capped Do not buy I s It Nis already boon drunk from and (3) make sure as Inexpensive. 0,00110 water. no matter 
rarer:Meths packaging or exotic the place Of origin. Water Mose very from a low as he to wet over Dee dolam The Naha prim ever paid for war was $360,000. Si August, 1967. far war ow Spa* MI hom IM sky. fl Ye MI right out of tam clouds up there' dawned one bewildered ranch-hand) Also mold buying arty dried WOK 'packets' such a the recently arkeled Irani wait a 'p7/410111C1 W0101 
WATER MUST 8E FRF.EI FIGHT THE POWER! 
Several underemployed political activists hart declared wager 13 Mosta canally that shoal be taxed no mon Ian Mr.' WM Malian unarming. they we soon be releasing • plan to aka vadat an 0111cial caradale lot the presidency. 'Our gal Is that by 2001 a water we be km' noted epokosperson Jai Graham Their global Macs a lauds °Dan tied erwouragerwill et the ran and Mes. and wets Indoor-outdoor pools for ambers of be cation The lakes and oceans MI be load day welt raln the MI be 'dropped Worn large salts that MI regularty simulate to sae' When abed how long the alhap-port was lay to itorelnue. Ms. Groan replied. Ver-ity. Indellatly.' And as for the Icebergs In Ow Molt and Anhualc? "For now we el tam day frozen; she said In Salon. peaceful demonstrators we begin Invading eupannarkets and pourly out a the bottled water they se. Boiled water Is • Haan of miler s thg Aptly accord, to the gray, winch also toting to make Illegal al ads ol 'Wider abuse' hcbang U1100000tAfy splashing. boiling, end gargling "Also, though 11's hard I, holey. a lot of hatted is grata loads the water. I've known people. decent upstand Irg curers. will abut. *Met, or bomb and humllato II when no one Is looking II you're a waler drinker from the lest a on, you owe I to water to appreckile th to love ■ with vigour' 
WHEN TO USE WATER: 
Mornings Try some water a Eh your man beans, it males for a delicious brew when heated and mixed eth crown &tar uses 101 water? A mouthful of a eivIshod around long enough yell col rid of i000-paste and bathing Si 11 rise been recenuy proven to increase Cleordinom (Mole Bathing, or 'shoo atria- has long been a popular pasha.. eyeally Si Los Angola 
would be a desert here without IF commented one resident. Shortages in their dry town have made bathing an ad of 'mown/term! terrorism. You, how-ever, have no excuse. Afternoons: If you have to work, work with water Water can beg you swallow asprins. Vara and whatever ea you reed to got you through the dry. Met enough wider Is coneumod you may feel an urge to go to Ow bathroom. and Once you-re gong paid anyway. you might as well go and take your time. Evenings: Generaly, water Is avoided from the line you leave work 10 the time you go to sleep. luring which times. tither alcohol or more alco-hol should take As place. Upon rettemonl however. a bra gime of waler a 100001100110ed. Dons sink a, of course. Iota let d stand on the night-table as you sleep serving as a constant reminder, a gentle assurance that your beet and strongest Mend, water, is them lo protect you 
WATER: YOUR PASSPORT TO EXISTENCE 
Ask nrrybody lost in the desort for days. dying of dehy-dration and they'll be happy to toll you -Water. must have molar And so trust you, too. It not only lft0A00 Ito nothing Mee on earth, (eel Is. read) but It also cures cola. helps you to lose weight. fisheyes dna amps, loosens drappes. hobs ;lamb-en got rick conceals atria memo& floats news-paper Nils and very often boa as a <lunge. Not only Is I an essential Ingreolkit to your Ile. t also am al in your decoryoselon 11 you haven't started using water yet. gel cracking, You won't regret I. And if you're a longiUmo war user lie me. I guess now that you know how aorta water le you weal lake a for granted again So tots at Make a 10aSt. and rake a glass of whiskey. to gator 

kfilayee Woo0Gtock ifiloment I 

0 ET Q30 C 0 0./JER.. d'e'pt MS. e. 1 MAT ally. nit 1 atlas ono kyrftylTs E.nop, 'To cal; v.'s& kAT a r, Saw as "Ilse e rite s-A-askby Ova a fornat 0-0 a es/0- r 4....3er 
,Rase) ca, of hyde tan-A Wing TV& epliceebol dire a wet, 11-afT Imee-Thwe Gee a hone, an) lime nudes on lc To boy eas-roa beck a eta bolt--Tot an 'The ink earol 6 ,FT arcs awn, bask s Won), IVets lea ts Pawn 
BALISM: NEW FAD? Rased of ata tam acne ay cane tie n7 WIWI add* had Nag yet. 0101', d lest belireesa ma Kathy Meted am es din cos of Lorca layssew Sled friaMmers Into Mr he el 'Nun See'. 11140; Urry. a raw het as ale yap along es Wel Cat sae Saw paw d mat late ade lea dom am-bles accused of moisalles le armee reeky haw of am Cillean Logy Larry cr urge' Um' a hi lama Mow Ma la a keg Nay el espy caw. am Mad wili • day texas' for Ye dock He Said el e awed at bat. hap loch Self WOW a Coq enstec let an coo Nelda lb Nob we dela 14 ph* 16 Mt IKON IS OS M Sat thl NC owl Larf nal re 

011<' et-ttaTIWAtt x&1 
MEXICAN MUD T-SHIRTS NOW ONLY TEN IlUCKS1 (back Inktaato aid, Wee Iniublack shirt. black Ink rod shin ) custom orders marital* (212)759-0454 MEXICAN MUD CO 'NOW WITH MORE SALT' ONLY TWELVE BUCKS! Hear 'Mayon Daughter'. 'Elaskt Pride'. I roe and Sloppy' WIT, II has virtually at yaw Mud leveled MEXICAN MUD TARES 'NOW WITH MORE SALT' ONLY EIGHT BUCKS! Per your warren and can listening pleasure, teas economical purchase saris lee was aaddIng clarity Protraminsor •stalgen. 1994 cc re 4'. 
STCKERS ARE FREEHI? MEXICAN MERCHANDISE 95I 2nd Amnia New York, New lark 10022 C2121 759-0454 
