,Pla2A577411TX` 
'December 'Tedium :issue, 1994 
in THIS 111011TH'S PROCRIISTInnToR 
Dr. Twilight's lecture series on the powers of unreliability and sotective Ii competence in the workplace 
Ida Vennybuddy speaks of bow to get the nuggets from your man on Christmas 
Trace the family origins of the fllud bank to their hairy. boozy. resin *lotted toots 
Journey to 5. Scott Orabbe's land of lost Adolescent Vanity and rediscover those elements of yourself that your parents abhorred for Ignored/ and your peers relished. 
Discover why none of the topics ever listed on this masthead ever appear in the Issue 

951 2nd Ave., NYC 
10022 
The quasi-monthly prodigal fanzine of the Mexican Mud Band. 
emna Altet; 
FRI DEC 23 I 1 pm MLA MU New York NY SAT DEC 31 lOpm THE fiCrIt New York NY FRI JAN 6 l limn NEW IlkIJIC arc New York NY FRI JAN 13 10prn (MKT TAVERN New Bruns. NJ FRI JAN 14 I Ipm Mal MtIJIC cArc Ncw York NY FRI JAN 27 lOpm tiODODTJ 11111 Mahwah NJ SAT JAN 28 lOpm CADAL00.5i1 New Palrz NY 
(212) 966-4225 (212)686.4863 (212) 941.0900 (908) 545-7265 (212) 941-0900 (201) 529-2357 (914) 255-3400 
Fri & Sat FF133A4 OLD CITY HALL/EAST LA. OswesciSwacume NY Were you abducted by an al.ro you constantly quote the Jerky Boys? Let us know, send us E-mail at Daves new address: dpa Qbfin.com Want a copy of the Mud's CD? send SI2 to MUD MERCH, 951 Second Ave, 2nd Floor, NYC 10022. Make checks payable to Mark Czuj. Want our free newsletter?: The PROCRASTINATOR CALL TNT HOUSE Or MUD a ( 2 1 2 ) 7 5 9-04 5 4 
IRK 112) 1 ni 01,V7/55 16 : 41 DeR-P. #5 akilNY 7 JAN /rgS 
David Maxwell 222 E. 17th St. #2F New York NY 10003 
bUtaMommaly 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PROCRASTINATOR ACCUSED BY PEERS OF NEEDLESSLY 
In whet pin Only be Need the *In-gle most outrageous, blatantly uninformed statement of this centu-ry. • rival rock-band newsletter recently waned the PROCRASTI-NATOR— your friend and official fanzine of the Mexican Mud Band— of writing 'self-obsessed. meandering, poorly structured. socially unconscionable essays that achieve nothing In the way of promotion or value.' We here at the Procrastinator are deeply morti-fied, appalled and_ wounded. Do our meaningless articles seem to 
be 'beet nothing, or Isn't being 'about' nothing whet *being' is all about? Otherwise what are we being. being Beings? The answer is Beings are mean: to be Nothing. To be about Nothing is to be about Being. All who are being will be nothing and all that is nothing will be being And thus to be a being writing about nothing is to circum-vent the circle, and that's We triple beaming! So there, W. ski-capped cntic, 
These untalented fosterers of so-celled 'scot Journalism who laugh 
at us, they are like ancient dinosaurs laughing at the first furred rodent. We would laugh at them but, alas are too kit Instead. we may lean back in our rockers, pat the vial of sedatives at out sides, and mutter, 'There's them that laugh, and there's them that knows better 
If our lack of interesting things to say makes you mad, good. We've been encouraging work from all our readers, but no one has anything to say beyond 'Dear Mud Please put me on your neweratter rtWkg 
ler Bei, gel mad and send us scathing tires. Send us your entnes and eft fantastic prizes. See the Abe E. Ft! Foundation Literacy Contest information listed below. See Amella. the hamburger boy who dances the Charleston. See Elmo, the hair-lipped 'trainee with • hip who can solve any trigonometry problem known to man! Stump him and win a big elm log to take home for your fire' Remember what Zealot McDougal says. 'If you're the type who can't type. then vente' 
WIN THE PROCRASTINATOR "PIECE" PRIZE! 
'Creatray Is wasted n The minds of the young. and young on the minds of the wasted.' - Abe E. Piece 
In honor of the fourteenth year of the passing of our honorable 'spiritual' guide, Abe E Piece, we present the literary contest that bears his name. Abe E was a sham shaman, but he had the obtuse mind 01 LI profoundly long-winded and uninteresting Marxism professor, and those who man-aged to stay awake through one his harangues were often rewarded with an occasional jest or flatulence joke. He was assassinated by Lithuanian mines in 1970, a harsh fact omitted from most high-school text-books, which site portray these anarchic street performers as gentle, misunder-stood simpletons. His dream was to upset the Pans entertainment aristoc-racy and create a new order of amusement, a world where mime was despised and irreverence and cantankerous ambivalence were the sure-fire laugh-getters of the day. In order to keep those odious mimes on the run, we at the loundabon that bears his great name, are offering for the 14th consecutive year since his gruesome, lonely death, the three tier cre-ative writing contest that bears his ale-but-forgatten family name, the Procrastinated' 'Ftiece' 
AWARDS FOR BEST IN POETRY, SHORT FICTION and ESSAY 
ONE: POETRY. On a somewhat clean piece of paper, wine a poem of moving depth and honesty on one or all of the fallowing topics. a) Broken dreams, broken bottles, b) the unfathomably vast amount of words in the English language; c) the tragic problem of immigrant Lithuanian mines in America circa 1980. or d) none of the above 
TWO: SHORT ACTION. Pi a stapled together, white mass of paper, illus-trate with peetted simpicity a saga, or it you val, mini-saga. that focuses 
on. a) The virtues inherent in decadent excess. b) The curse of a need for crestrve expression among suburban, up-state New Yoe teens, c) The principle teachings of the great Abe E. Piece, namely 'co-eccentricity' and 'selective ineptitude' or d) any other theory of 'questionable practicality'. 
THREE: ESSAY: Enamorate with effortless effervescence on one of the following topics. a) Sexuality. Genetic Con or Spiritual Salvation?. b) Social Awareness. How it Can be Dimmed. c) Abe E Piece. Spiritual Healer or Drug-Addled Misanthrope? or d) Original Essay Topic What do I know? I'm just a person,' 
Send xeroxes or original work to. The Abs E. Piece Foundation cio Erich Kuersten / 951 2nd Ave. 01 / NYC 1 10022. NOTE: Nothing will be returned without written permission from Mr. Piece's estate. (To insure safe return of manuscript, write. 'Please, Abe E. Peace! Abe E., please! Please Abe E. Abe E. Peace, please! Please, Abe E. Peace. over and over on the back of each submission. Allow three or more weeks for response, results, rejections, insults. grotesque facial gestures. etc ) 
PRIZES; Poetry: Ist Prize. Publication in the PROCRASTINATOR. Official Abe E. Piece Foundation award, plaque. Mg, sticker, shin and deluxe hardcover edition of 'Pass the Piece. The Complete Abe E. Piece Canon of Spiritual Commentary and Incoherent Mumblig." A $99. value' Short Fiction: Publication in the PROCRASTINATOR, a late-night, very loud telephone call of congratulations from Dave Parsons, over $20 In valuable ccuperis. a <harem !c) spend the weekend. all expenses Paid. at the Abe E. Pierce Center for Spirituel Enlightening and Wallet Lightening. Essay: Publication in the PROCRASTINATOR and a possible position as regular corr.:tutor! In a t.rne to be announced. you will have the opportu-nity to go head-to-head with a staff member of the PROCRASTINATOR. and youll get first choice of weapons. If you can vanquish OW staff mem-ber, his job is yours, No quarter Deadline is midnight. New Years Eve, 19946. MI other forms of printable matter are invited to be submitted to the PROCRASTINATOR in the meantime, including comics, profane illustrations, bawdy &rendre. hideously juvenile scrawls and even flowery sentiment. Don't get off your butt, fellow procrastinators. but do reach for your notebook and let us share your crusted commentary. (The above was a paid announcement of the Abe E. Piece Foundation, Waukeegan. 
Cut to Commercial: 
MUD BAND'S "NOW WITH MORE SALT!" PROVEN EFFECTIVE AGAINST GASTRITIS! 
One out of ten Doctors recommend regular listenings of the Mexican Mud Bands latest, Nnw With Morn Sall the *Choice' compact disc that all moms say is unbeatable for smooth, gentle relief. Ahh, relief. Relief of annoying silence, relief of peaceful contemplation. not to mention general coherence. 
(NOTE. C.D. contains no actual salt or salt residue) 
2 
ProcrasUrtatar • Derimiet, 1994 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lagreco: Treasured Icon or Superfklous Butotni ton? 
lemon 
ow' 
DECEMBER 
HOROSCOPE 
by Serge Divider 
SCORPIO: Ignore the holiday season, I foresee great disappointment under your tree. Your mate got hungry and ate your present. Turn your your inner cable to the home shopping network and select a less zircon-encrusted goal. Your designated religious gift-giver will materialize in a brief hallucination on your way to work, sometime before the 24th 
SAGITTARIUS: The time to be gentle with your lover has long passed. Handcuffs and stern discipline we what's needed, not pop psychology and tenderness. Avoid giving change to skinny men in red suits around the 25th. Computer Mersey is in your future, slaw with a stuttering pros. em and several tedious phone calls (one from a heavily-slurred Aries on the 5th) 
CAPRICORN: You'd like to sleep the whole month away, but since you can't dose your eyes without hallucinating demons, the second best bet would be to just make lord noises quietly in the corner until everybody Els left, then you can quotay set the demons free, and sleep. (Remember to wake up this twenty-loath, as the yule log mil be on TV ) 
AQUARIUS: All your friends we getting pretty damn tired of your horse-like laugh. Why don't you team an amusing accent? Maybe perfecting a Madan Brando or Made Thomas imitation could take the irntinflg shnll-nets out of your voioa. Try to sack your finger in a fight.socket sometime during the week of the 12th. 
PISCES: Your car will wind up in the shop needing expensive repairs. Crash it now, and collect the Insurance. Avoid being pan-fried and eaten 
on a bed of rice during the week of the 8th. ARIES: Stay aloof when locked in a roan with an arrogant young Gemini this 11th 
TAURUS: You shouldn't have tried to 'one-last-time' sleep with that cute but vindictive ex of yours. Shouldn't-a couldn't-a, wouldn't-a Now its too late to explain how alcohol made you into a sex and attention starved foci, Grilled beyond rational thought by the distorted memories of fantastic lovemaking, there's nobody there to baton. Now at your Mends despise you. Make vague plans to go to Europe this spring (but don't go). Do not order what the man next you is eating when taking your current love out for a reconcaatory dinner later in the week of the 1881. 
GEMINI: Your life goal was to own the biggest of everything. Face up to iL all you'I ever own is the biggest headache and the biggest ego. A chance might open up to lull your therapist during a session late this month. Don't eat more than two percodans during your depression bout early on the morning of the 25th 
CANCER: A promised Christmas bonus is revolted by your boss. Avoid suspiciously inexpensive hand-gun when you go shopping for vengeance on the lower east side this 20th. 
LEO: That hole you've been digging for your neighbors silly-barking dog is finally ready. Time to fit it up before the first frost. A trail of ham-b6rger leading under your fence and into the hole should do it This little bit of cold-heartedness wit serve as good practice for when you are lured into the fast-paced world of New York advertising on or about the 15th of next month. 
VIRGO: Your initial doubts about the sanity of your new roommate will prove to be cored. Take precautions now before your distrust evapo-rates Try switching to decaffeinated coffee for the week of the 15th 
UBRA: You won't win the lottery this month, but buy the tickets anyway. Even though it's not required, wearing a hairnet at work wil win you the nouce of your aridly-retentive supernsot 
 (yaea t  Ag a I IsrEiblx Fo r 4 - 47C"ttIar'10 ..rewc••• C— 
'4; 

AMA soca %•-o .unapt "IL 4 Dion ad A S •■ I Vit..4..k .., 1 A....._ 1/4,.4.41.-2. ..., y161 < l I. A4•5551 1 I. 1 
be 


Classifieds 
PERSONALS 
-.soft& CALL *ARM VCR (ROTC PHONE CNATTER Mel .a Tama •101 mob* la • an le Pa* bra he b YL pia and Nil St stied awar a at a Ns-lore octane: lour I, In atcul you( so-w's Mena ay rhea pa ete. too, you swim S. Vadat Vl a yarn gong to bile ea bibellt_ alto Se' at a kr Sin abed PS Cando. your am cat*, beam, allag. al Seat Yea Sad Net rear add M dad ant CO 1400- SALWEL1 nos *•t low, $200 each ea ban4 r_ 
4 
PERSONALS 
EMPOWERED lbeata NEM •ing knout pia Ws quaddy. oe or 1/117-0107, a fa Neat or NI 
00•990r Ye ..tip wear ner-satted. saggledg•d Pisa Yaw lo watt WO "h" good Me in •nciage ter wake M. had MI had in pubic Orce he's mead over 31.000 in Oran and pays. Mat his corm up to my apartment al art on lne with fa one Si has art• I coups ray ilsealpent. I ••• ISM MKS, No rinsed real raw* town,. Me use at d411411,004101 men dory Pea V a mooch to you Ito • pool 1Ino, you en fay polhotyc. w•l-hool•cl Mt so call Mara 3324061 
PERSONALS 
OM NE MY ROMEO I a • IS of way al yea and I sal II bat V eat la any car bile a • prat red nave or log trek IN co at Men lay femme bag n• Plea ad germ kr Neon a Ilta, 23 Wags Coat 'foam NY Wen 
WALLY CAMPBELL IMPERSONATOR -Paled lot dears pea, bedela pars, or net War MTV bin I 0 01111.1e, ewe-day teen n• cream ti Ten, born the aging crowd of out *tondo and work-ASO Other nonity mfr, reillocrl• Mtn en SOO enable hada Eddies Pam Mel Me &Aar (ban 'Bay lath% a ire Coati Bra 'Amyl me Taw room 
pa tom Woo cer#1 •CIvii tkc 5 ea...or• tact, ; rat ba- s Of • A • 11,--•11 to ew ern e  • TIN;lea. Nab •InEetteg  • 7.1  n nia iert4,s are/• t *are% . GC% laei te. mac f 124 at Wen* al 10 • s r etutOotr f • , • -Aria.. I AND MORE PERSONALS  Won). sfe yon cal Inv abwradmi pony Maol farea -n• hoe Waal Va elto.a nal CALL: IICMIT SEEM • phi) Ma? 
14 lw riwk 
TURN YOUR CMC43001t13 INTO CASH, Mtn HERE'S NOW. Our 'LP Casd .! decay bt wg coat yar arapiweerviel reward So gi cart You leo con now Iran being • *ram sciommen to on FRI tea R.M. r • la of yea Come out as memos t and a I 4304011-ICKB. for 24 a amp  AGED Peg 103• Moks pat gig. racy Pat ad mos • Mg gm m ewe *ma eto see 1142 and Mr Mire 10cm Got No Rsaviar cult on Itt• H pand• Stud dam a in high-clans aleurenis Ilwougeout male Mono. You lad nor Wen Mane I lad and sang. Ma • ON Pea I to a en a a aid a lie • sad man a your aces as as ad your nod, la • ea is • 22 run looking to wake both as (SO sale Naas cam bad  la You do saw 901 Ss. weh Ir. a only bin wen ref Can Dona. 001110111 Prormodnator • November, t994 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INTERVIEW WITH DAVE PARSONS! 
Dave is late for our interview. Dave. as it turns out, is late for everything. He's late for his own trial for lateness. Ms waits in the back urni someone calls for him and then he approaches the bench, end and hollow-eyed. his voice wracked with grave reproach 
JUDGE. Son. lice a mountain, you have been judged tardy, a tardiness that spans eternity. for not just to this courtlOan and its measly trial by jury were you tardy, but throughout lie. Whenever a meeting was celled, you were tardy there too. And when you were sprawled on the cement and flying like an angel overhead, you were tardy in returning to your gravely fallen form and wound up in the hospital, strapped to a bet And tater, and even later the tardiness grew stronger in thee, even es you became famed for tardiness, then abhorred for its 
DAVE (long pause) 
JUDGE: Wee, this them typical. 
Hip -tray Boy shneys 
"THE MIME ATE MY TURTLE" 
'He was a bastard, his greasepaint face plastered my ceiling, sent me reeling, do you think I was heeding my soggy Irish mom's back-door pleadings as I slammed by. surly, high off steroids, guns, spermicide rind turns, bruised her varicosed, gross thigh, almost threw up from the &Ra-nt of it, congratulated the stalwart stasis of my shattered stomach and Isere not lower but up above it, crying as the gastritis sled me Ike a beg of chips, like a pell that sits within the hollow of your deepest need, the One kept beneath your stash of sleep and jewelry, under the skulls of Watt-less 'mares. lower than the basest urge on girl-less. lost weekends...rea-son outvoted, total Mack a great beyond that you'd surrounded, beat and meet by the side of side's outside challenge? Do you think I was heeding her shushed whisper to not annoy the mime:71ns too disgusted by their lake smiles' aid • breathless 8 year old Quentin Sturnado of Southeast Orange. NJ. When asked to elaborate his position on the politics of mimery. he added. 
'Bake lee Sandy Sara Frusta cake that ate the plate of yesterday's waste and cned beside the great divide, that sighed only when locked inside the mile-long mall, where you as a baby fast crawled, and shopped with tooth and gin twice money was absent, and cried like a Wended waif, shriek-ing mommy at the top of your lungs. and back down into the beneath. bringing hideous green bud where ashes meant to be, bringing ugly me. Ike an avenging phantom upon your family tree, bringing rotted harvest. and breaking free, from the past, slamming down an empty glass, and here's where the wise man leaves, and the leaves of autumn are wise until the man rakes them, the leaves of the wise man, the leaves of the 
we'd man, the leaves of the wise man the coke the Mae of the wise man, the wise of the site man, the bastardization. the cross of treason like plastered cast, Mamma ant the first stone. Mamma Can rolled this kites bone, it stoned me, the mobs dethroned me. 1 felt vaguely lonely without TV but the newsboy freed me. gave me strings of words to read, gave me gasoline and Spanish money. promised gold and park place hotel monop-oNi would have had him slaughtered. fed him whiskey-stunted Nam urged him wretch that burrito dinner instead it killed him, instead the rain of overtly gastric acid knocked him past the point of rising to find that secreted stash of pepto band., oh men..? The mime could not be reached for comment. 

Max's LI. , s Corner Presents: 
Cant fiallt OWN Ecitgeist!* 
or. TOADY, NO MORE. perhaps you represent a complecere element in • large, handy group of people, and yet you find that the Lack or deer:lion and/or artabary desire for Individuality' in you ague is casting such tenant oehationsms ae oppodunkwa mock elegance. leak ous stands and sublimated disrespect Hera. no nuarn, no membrane. Perhaps your goals are stultified by languid cohortl, bent on providing themselves with col-chalet to grow fel on and to use as an rational bad-aid whenever news-'tin It said anent an *Ono:Stale opportunity to launch • campaign for yourself . M embanatior into your own mini-culture. Before the cauldron overheat in a fitful miscues, carpet diem and plant you minions deeptyl 
You all reed. 
I. SOME FORM OP TALENT OR IMARKETAINUTY Patera* In an artistic tenet and el least gives you the appearance or • Nang ran meet. 
Procraelnarer • November. 1994 
L A TEAM OP YAPS TOADIES Easy to fled In tawny surrourangs. Penn* young. ego gobs that nounsh your sal-esteems. You will need to Nana thee capacity to Oak and subsequently aloft Mei perce$on of your Qua*, andiol ttneenlY 
S. STONE PA= APATHY: Impicabons of &daisy Alfred licylwl Cake Assents You wit reed to prune your garden or hubris in order for I to function erreieney. Capping peons builds Mender. It we require a heart of Won to oaken dismiss them es they bolt at you was unblinking. Vaasa doe-eyes 4. MONEY: The Feankanstain Manger Than Devours Man's Soul You Carnal WIWI worship eating el McDonskrs Anyone can be bought A week of reckless phiaratopy is a reCOSSiq Irtesement in order to fabricate a power rage Once you have Nan Ingreder4 St to bold your feriae you can mercilessly pater your toadies' assets nil your gullet Is and S. POWER RELATIONSHIP: Two Mende Clapping Make One Loud Nan Another toot to ingratime the mac* in your midst is an enigma& nelatbnship was someone who can WA Chair. even better than you Keep your toadies con-fused, so you cal glom etperkrlyoff the lined pan 6. THE INNER CIRCLE SIngtardniled Ophkeaton to Furth Answers You Know Not And select henchmen to prone an ego cabinet in ease al alea ton correang tyrants or perfidious net You needn't overadend yew eapeatles Fria a encumberes for area mans 
With these ingredients you should find it more than nay to furnish your castle accordingly. With the sight 04111/1C0 of self-Importance and well proportioned noblesse oar, • wellieserved and rename dean upstart can Id Anti Ne way al the way to Hann, 
•Zageet The note!. Cu lurid of intellectual climate of an era 3 
"% woo. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
