A periodical for the periodically unmotivated. 

SPECIAL NEW SINGLES LIVING SECTION! * Bizarre personal ads! * Horrifying truths revealed! * Meat Market reports! * How-to tips on: -Changing your personality to suit anyone's needs! -Looking good even when you're not! -Attaining true love right in your own home! 
JULY. 1993 VOL- 2 

Our spotless light this month cr.: MENDE VAN ARSDALE, m  Lou of all singles... He'll tell you about: • How to make even the funniest lobe fall flat. •How so make even the weirdest, wildest parties normal and uneventful! —Sorry Krebbe, maybe next month... 
MUDDATES - JULY/AUGUST (subject to change at bar owners' capricious whim) 

MEXICAN MUD BAND 
FRl JULY 30 lOpm New Music Cafe New Yak, NY (212)941.0900 SUN AUG 1 3pm Polish Plenk Greenfield, MA (413)773.9025 THUR AUG 12 9pm Flannery's New York, NY (212) 229.2122 -with Vali.= Effort FRI AUG 13 lIpm Boo Boo's Hoboken, NJ (201)659-1789 SAT AUG 14 lOpm Bogie's Albany, NY (518)482.4368 THU AUG 19 9pm Flonneris New York, NY (212) 229.2122 -with Valium Effort SAT AUG 21 I Ipm New Music Cafe New Yoelt,NY (212)941.0903 -with Milo Z THU AUG 26 9pm Flannery's New York, NY (212) 229.2122 -with Valises, Effort WED AUG 25 lOpm Stone Pony Asbury Park. NJ (9118) 530.5696 FRI AUG 27 lOpm Maisons Greenfield,b4A (212) 2608030 THU SEFT 2 9pm Fbnnery's New York, NY (212)229.2122 FRl SEPT 3 10pm East LA. Syracuse, NY (315) 471.1148 SAT SEPT 4 10pm Old City Hall Oswego. NY (315) 343.2012 SUN SEPT 5 9om Filthy MeNris s Seneca Falb NY (315) 5684323 
ATTENTION GEORGE DICKEL FANS!: The Mud and Valium Effort vWU (replaying every Thursday in September at Flannery's Restaurant and Bar on she corner of 14th St. 47 7th Ave. in NYC. There will be reduced prices for all George Bided Bourbon drbdislIll 
325 East 21st. St. g 12 NEW YORE, NY 10010 
A Mexican Mud endorsed event and/or product 
This month's super single spotlight on: TRACT MAST!! Her tips on how to drink free all night, how to mingle with gusto, keep your balance and still get home safely. Follow her through the perilous labyrinth of New York's night scene and marvel at her ruthless seamming methods. (p.41 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THE MUD NEWS 
CHINESE FOOD POLL FEARED "FIXED" BY EL DELLA RUCHO!! 
The steps n front of the Callahanee coutthoule were densely packed with the curious and the furious this morning, as The Mexican Mud Band held a press contemnce to apologise for Wring modiste& SOON the nation into divulging theit foram< Chinese foodstuffs. Howls of disapproval and outrage greeted them as they took the pladom and began cockily diesembling the equipment- Scott Lein blearily denied ch hat the band was attempting to sell the results and admitted with teret that they beheved El Della %mho was anempeing to 'fix' the poll, somehow, foe whatever reason of his own. The crowd disbanded datedly after the Mud launched an unprovesatory a capella sap that 
threatencded to last long onto the night. fella Ruch* unavailable foe comment. Three microphones found moung. Mud believed reponsible. 

Della Rue* Ikhl , circa 1931 
EDITORIAL DEPARTMENT 
After the staggenom tuppact we've teesused since the ininal donobution of this...kas than a iournak but more than...a... (v/hater.), we have been besieged by feedback of all sorts' Still. this shouldn't sway you from writing to us, tool Any written tesponse will not go unheeded' This is our vow, for we speak, too. Send all of your responses (try to keep them significantly atlittrary) to 210.212 Jefferson St., Apt 4B. Holoaken.ldj 07030. 

MAN FINDS SOUL IN JAR OF SKIPPY 
Ttagedy and Murillo raked the small town of Oks enowah, VA when Its most °brute and cagey cluten discovered what he thought to be the essence of 'lour Ina jar of Skippy0 Peanut Butter last Friday. &dimities presumed the claims to be a hoax at first, but they soon discovered what they described as an unmistakably 'funky' smell emitting from the jar in question. Placed under observation, Mr. Mantooth. who refers to be called 'Racy'. was able to rasp all the wot& of James Brown's anthem "I'm 
a Greedy Man'. while performing the apptopriate slide dancesteps. Mon-tauk also clung to a toy saxophone, which he christened 'Rita -Mae". SlIntaTS unsureenfully attempt.' to remove a 'jam spot' from under his lip. klantooth'it vocabulary has b... completely 'mince's...table scat and jive melange with a touch of Patois. Skippy representatives denied any allegations of a soul food conspiracy, although their demo-graphics department reports a phenomenal minket increase in sales horn white musicians in New Jersey. 
The Chinese Food Poll Results (was it ever close!): H. General Tar's Chicken. 58.75 12. Sweet & Sour Shrimp. $4.95 03. Susi:W.(1es not just Japanese anyrnore!)...$130.60 -Thanks for divulging such P.30•1411 (and probably embarrassing) onformarion. 
MAN WHO SEESK MUD: A TIPSDVICE AND DRINKING  
DearMWSM, So what's this 'Spanish Black Angel of Death' cocktail Oafs been =tang such a (um, at porno! Huh! More ant re my grubby link hands in an est action! -Sal Merano, L'IndIntrai 
Deal Sal. Weft, my Mead', impaled hair Lyme. 466,4 in masa. is 0 PIYOU recipe, but in order to 1-04a0st your &swank reams manna', rin may suffice as a standby- Take 3 ports Bombast, 3 pans Tequila. and I part Dr. Pepper 0 Cob. Shako /e.t.a') rich ice, and pour into a iishbaU clam If this domed weak, it's back ro eke bermwd lor yet -MWSM 
Dear So & So, I used to get rem third drink far free, and now I can't even drink three without passing out. I think that ill pan out. all my doings should be free_.h this discrimination or am I Aosta ionesetiligherighti -Mel.Idetudien Dem Mel, When you pass our. don't easy, 
your drink is going to a murk beau. slam (Inypilleol. -MWSM Dear may Who Sens Mud. I am a genetic moot with a philosophyNaturally P. eat', understand my ethical dilemna. In addition, as if life wasn't difficult enough, I'm a quasi-sexual burdened with an X.dimensional spouse that only appears in &tams, memories and hallucinations. Drugs aren't saving the problem anymore. I am ocervelted to seek employment. Can you recommend an alternative! -Sinestely Cdtamed, AC Dear Sum' Seam. On not lock outward for employment, but rasher see dumb uidoin. -MWSM 
Des, Dag. Twilight. As confined as your works have been in the past, nothing comes clam to the mess you node of the 'Slackers Conde to Life' Nol. U. What you deutobe is not Ide so much as 1.1 of ide. What kin' of seal is a to luxe 
no goal at sill Is this really the beginning of the motoonless movement. or are you merely rationalising your mean! You strike one as being trapped Ina Dionysian mindtet yet your philosophy lacks sacrifice, suffering and rtanibtion so anemia] touch a framed' exikance. It's Iae having a highball without the whiskey. I'd stook to writing cover Mum of I wiry.. -Your Old Protestor. Vermin Thomann Duo Mn. Deamarm, Fine of dl, den's ptenty of mediation and death involved in the slacker lifestyls. It's all done to de mod and internal organs through prolonged mama onnenprion of serious benign poisons. Ti,. body is unsay berifieal Ile. impending hangover) so Am du mind may be freed frorn it i prisonif only for a night of Bamkoniser testae. I'd be to sake this donee to Amu de fact . I ePfr b rg,e eit an A for a paper  um: also ark you to r tKornatrataeon -Sewarly. Mrpheer./. Tuckthr 
THE ORIGINS OF THE MUD (chapter 2) 
In a little log dorm in the Syracuse Arctic, the anguished cries of a newborn baby band are heard. Soon the distraught, aleoholoddled parents hear a knock at the door-BOOM! BOOM! A heartless Resident Muster bums in and complains that the baby is too loud. The RA., with a cruel glint in her eye, threatens to 'write" the parents up if they don't smother the child or at least move It down to the basement linen closet. Being high slackers. the parents almost consider the former option, but compassion prevails and the newborn family begins In long. toiturous journey from the soft, smoky decadence of the seventh floor to the dank. cold starkness of the linen closet. There, as fate would have it, the baby can actually be hoard by mum people, as la eatenvalling echoes up the 22 story elevator shaft of Lawrinson Hall. Looks of fear and panic cross the 
formerly complacent college student elevato passengers. The baby had begun to speak. This was back before kink had re-irked the stove of music. back when the general populace was numbed by mid-80's Top 40 with it's regurgitated pablum and plywood complexity-The young band was forced to wean Itself on the damp mulch and cold gnarl of the Dylanesaue 60's. Knowing few thonds, fewer beats and saddled with any drifting 'musicians" available, the young Mud waded and screeched its blues away, straining to be heard through shitty amps and broken drums. As It escaped along In Ids grotesquely disfigured, but well-intentioned state, no one would have guested that such chaotic squalor would eventually evolve Into such a fierce, adanum and complex creature as the TRUE MUD!! 
NEXT MONTH.TRIMI, RHYTHMS AND MORE DEBAUCHERY!!!!!! 

Early plIcao From the depths of the Linen Corer Procrastinator • July, 1993 
2 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ONE FOR THE LADIES!! 
Insider's Exposé 
You don't have to be a guy to be a Procrastinator! 
Beer Hustling in thg Big City Px a  admix With relations between men and women in a wild state of flux, and with the PC..ers suggesting that to open the door for a woman is demeaning and scout-its high time for • practical exploration into the Politics of Free Beer. Since the last time the editors were on either end of a free beer was back in the days of the pop-top, they asked me to go undercover for one weekend, to explore the soft underbelly of this hard-boded city, the bar. The place where mere acquaintances spill their whole sordid life stories to each other, and where a total stranger will offer to buy you a diinb...if you play 
your cards right. While it does happen that women spontaneously buy men drinks, this rare cutgence is difficult to document, and plays almost no part in this story. I cannot, in these pages intended for general consumption, relay the bizarre sequence of events that was to unfold °set that drunken weekend. but I have distilled my experience into some practical tips on hustling beer. As is often the case with us, your appearance may have more bearing on your success than your state of mind but, here are some guidelines for the young and the thirsty. I.) You should appear to be, if not alone, somewhat independent from your group of hiends 1 don't recommend trying this without some backup tanks you really know what you're doing). Standing alone or 
appearing bored and actively scanning the room while standing with your friends works well. Men are afraid to approach whole groups They'd rather single you out horn the pack. 2.) Smile, look at least semi-alert. This makes you more approachable. 3.) It's a good idea to have • few drinks before you go. You'll be more relaxed and prospective chink donors won't be thrown off by your sobriety. 4.) Don't feel that you're at the enemy of the men, that the choice in theirs. Of course its not. Scan the bar and weasel your way into the general area of someone you'd like o talk to, or, if you're m a mercenary mood, someone who looks like an easy mark. S.) Don's be afraid o start conversation. (this is imponant). Any stupid premise will 
do - i.e. 'Great band` (this works better when there actually is a band), 'Hot, Isn't UP, 'What kind of beer do they have on toe, etc. Most men would actually like to chat with you but an afraid of being brushed off. Excereise foe the advanced hustler Its jun es easy to cultivate the right people as the wrong people so y_ou might as well go to the source. The owner, the manager, and the bartenkr, in that coda, are fair game. Bouncers can be useful too, bur be warned, they assault peck for a living and this can impact on their intemencnal Always remember to bring along a decoy *boyfriend' in case any of your targets become persistency overfriendly. GOOD LUCK AND HAPPY HUNTING, GIRLS! 
CLASSIFIEDS  
To advert. peo&s. Clunis emu, sockets. tom cars, vans enact equipment hppy bead., mud pones, then Mang trp and old ledardvesIce osepal opeasotssb, send to P.Ciamine.,200W.15. Steen. Apt. 30. New Yoek. NY I0011. 
Thu months clasafta1 a dedicated to tars who go rt alone, no oeady warm pulse betide theca only the distant ache of tonem beince, repo. tell hoe to nuke staring single work for you. 
HIPPY STUFF 
TIE-DYES! Bulk rate! We can do • deal, yes! ChM! Cheap. Call Don (212) 2604030 
MUD RECRUITS 
WANTED: Roadies, merchants, and pine trchs. Call MUD (212) 260.8030. 
MUSICAL EQUIPMENT  ALL FENDER EQUIPMENT! Wanted. arrp, pima partin. Any condttion. Call Dr. Schnaggiestone at (212)666.4863. 
PERSONALS 
OVER-OPINIONATED SWF seeks tolerant M o patron. my immature and selfish demean.. WILL ACCEPT TOP DOLLAR. Ratter/ must be convincing. Box 455. Procrastinator. Equal Opportunity Parente. 
HAVE YOU BEEN DECAPITATED and lived to talk about u! Send photo and obscene diatribe to Box 477, Procraninat.. 
PERSONALS 
SPOILED GUINEA BRAT in watch of a weak subnuanve dog of a any .one for • nun. Eo correct, belittle. spank and spank OFTEN. Bus 452. Pt.totient.. SWF looking for MBM foe afternoon delight. Gonna hail my ...gonna hold hint tight. Gonna get me • little afternoon delight. Box 463, Ptoctas. 
SWM seeks eveiything mom can't give. All I can fifer in mom is what morn pve not • beast and a thirst foe blood, whiskey and the tight Inman to help no drink up. Photo, drugs. Okay!!! Box 465, Proceasunator. 
BIWM seeks portion.. HO. w/Silvee Dollar Nipples. Club Mentality & Big Campus Booty. Photo requiee& Box 482, Pronouns.... 
SIP socks S)M to hang out with, ruck to good tunes with and live it up with. If not, S)M who's hot and can cock my mold all night If not, SM who can do same! Box 490, Proems... 
Single's night out on the town 
PERSONALS 
SV/M seeks hone blonde with soul of ice to thwart my even hope dente. Approaching complacency and and immediate negative seleimage ton. foramen[. I enjoy velveteen handcuffs and aspic massages. Need welts for proceity, quick. Proud to beg. Visa/MC accepted. BYOB. (Bring Tout Own Bludgeon) B. 449, Pecorounator. 
SWF seeks restrktive male to mow and enslave me. OFTEN!! Especially on Tuesdays. Drugs OK (good ones peeferred). Boo 472, Process... 
PERSONALS 
WANTED 6.foot Leftist jcuoll Tare to toam the streets. Imagination. sense of hurnor and clembro imprtative. 
LONG ON FLAIR. SHORT ON PRE-TENSE Ruud and an design. vide hay interim seeks ore* for evening of Besquir and Mappkthoipe on a Damask mine dirow tug. Mut be chseinnstrt Ns-nwiculous tnth deplorable and inarticu-late ideals.  S.M. ...smoke, non-drinker, non. non.beeathee. In fact re, dead. and need wen.ne to bury no. 
MUD MERCHANDISE STICKERS-FREE!! DON'T HOLD BACK TAPE — ONLY $5.0011 (NEW RELEASE COMING SOON) T-SHIRTS-S10: Long/short sleeve colors, white, smears, etc. write For custom orders and limited edition 'Get Stoopid" smears and redeye your free Mexican Mud merchandise catalog. THE MUD MERCHANT 160 E27tA Str•ot #6B NYC 10016 


4 
Procrastinator, July, 1993 

