The Procrastinator 00 
"Serving mudfans and slackers across the eastern seabored" 
I June, 1993  

Hector Enrique Agave-Mtaltnanager 

(S) n kter Dnyjc. Dave Parsems and Ma* am. Stara 


Scott Lehr-Percussion and Vocals 
I MUDDATES FOR MAY & JUNE 

THE MEXICAN MUD BAND 
SAT MAY 29 9pm Boo Boo'. Hoboken, NJ (201) 659.1789 THU JUNE 3 lOpm Filthy Whisky's Seneca Falls, NY (315) 568.2323 FR1 JUNE 4 10pat Old City Hall Oswego, NY (315) 343,2012 SAT JUNE 5 10pcn East L.A. (O. Grove) Syracuse, NY (315) 471,1148 TUE JUNE 15 10prn Leman Roadhouse New York, NY (212) 245,2950 THU JUNE 17 10pen Desmond's Tavern New York, NY (212) 82641358 FRI JUNE 25 lOpen The Hotel Fthinediff Rhinecliff, NY (914) 876-8688 SAT JUNE 26 IOpm Flannery's New York, NY (212) 229,2122 .w/ Valium Effort TUE JUNE 29 3pro Weedspoet Raceway, NY wlSpka Doctors (315) 655,2527 -MTV's Akeenative Nation Tow SAT JULY 3 lOpm The Corn Tavern NtwErsavnaldt,N) (908) 5454265 TUE JULY 6 10pm Scandals Ocean City, MD (410) 723,0500 THU JULY 15 3pm Middletown, NY with the Spin Doctors (212) 26043030 SAT JULY 31 lOpen Joyous Lake, NY Woalstodt, NY (914) 679,4916 SUN AUG 1 3pm Polish Picnic Greenfield, MA (413) 773,9025 
"A boy without mischief is like a bowling ball without a liquid center" -Homer Simpson 
Don Martin-Bass 

325 E. 21st Street #12 New York, NY 10003 
EXCLUSIVE: MAN SEES MUD! 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Mud Band NB to right) Max, Erich, Dana I 
In the Mud news! 
STONE FREE MEDALLION AWARD CEREMONY DISRUPTED! 

FILE PHOTO 
MAN WHO SEES MUD 
VoL 5, Issue 1 This first issue is respectfully dedicated to Beth Hoben, Katherine Page, Amy Sind and Donna Dolan, whose assistance, patience, faith and love have been an essential factor in the survival of this hand. 
To write (printed), subscribe (free), advertise (cheap) or submit photos, poetry, fiction, etc. (appreciated•published), Send to Mart Sees Mud, do Erich Kuersten, 210 Jefferson Sr., Apr. 4B, Hoboken NJ 07030. 
Thousands fled in panic yesterday at the Sunset Diner in Piscataway, New Jersey as de Mesionto loco el Della Ruches fired his pistol into the au, causing intense concern. El Della Rucho, a Mexican Restaurant owner who has been suing he Mud for fraudulent advertising, (1.e. nor being Mexican) exploded into violence at the famed Crudo Stone Free medallion award eremony when he realised that the Sunset Diner -o regular Mud haunt- would be receiving he prestigious award for excellence in ntoxicating patrons • 'This is the second disrespect they have paid me!' cursed the drug• rated immigrant. (Cont. p.23) 
PROTEST MARCH THWARTED BY WELL, INTENTIONED POTHEADS 
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH ALL WORK AND NO PLAY MAKES JOHNNY A DULL BOY ALL WORK AND NO PLAY MAKES JOHNNY A DULL BOY ALL WORK AND NO PLAY MAKES JOHNNY A DULL BOY ALL 

RAGING BEGINS AT HOME! 
some sound advise from on unsound mind 
Remember that drinks, especially in New York City, are expensive. Always get drunk before you get to the bar - especially in N.Y.0 when you don't have to (and shouldn't) drive to and from the gigs. When the Mud starts playing, your bras should be in high gear. You shouldn't be just 
standing there, all straight, sipping your first beer of the night- especially if it's S5 a beer. With proper pacing you too can go foe distance. Think about it and bring a flask! -and some foe me tool -MWSM 
DANCERS MISINTERPRET "STUMBLE" LYRICS • MELEE ENSUES 
Thousands of weirdos collided into innocent bystanders, spilling their beers, extinguishing cigarettes and sweating on them, while attempting to interpret the message of the Mud song Mx Educated Stumble'. The song entreats the listener to stagger, sway and lurch about, but achieving a transcendence of coordination by never actually becoming reckless. The concept is to almost, bus never quite fall on or bang into anyone (unless they are your friends and dancing, too). Please try to enjoy the song without bun casualties and eat a big meal so you'll have plenty to puke at the end. The Mud could be reached for comment, but the editors chose to ignore them. 

Artist's rendering of the fracas 
THE ORIGINS OF THE MUD 
Now it can be told, the strange saga of lust, betrayal, death and greed. A story too bold, too powerful, to telL..until now. Now, at last it can be told. Formed in a repressive Syracuse Donn, see the horrible backlash of freedom tear their young lives apart. See Jackie Chan as Dave Parsons. He started our a starry•eyed innocent Deadhead and wound up ruling an Immense dynasty of power using nothing but two strong hands and a head as hard as stone. See Troy McClure as Don Martin, a hustler, a dealer in everything from cool tie•dyes to ambitious credibility, determined to pay his rent.= any cosy. With Yngve Mairratein as Mark Cruj, the 'glued 
2 
Pole with a heart of gold. Tom Jones as Matt Pedone-he lived the high Itfe -fast boats, fast cars, homes on Long Island, Florida. He had it al, and he put it all on the line....for love. Special guest Robin Williams as Scott Lehr. Before she came into his life, he was Just a wiseass. Soon he became a wiseass with a great girlfriend. See it all, read the horrorful story of the post, of the strange goings on in a college that by day spawned learning but at night spawned depravity, vioknce...outrageous, pensioned orgies of alcohol and fleshy sins! Sex was their goal, drugs their obsession, rock and roll their very life! -MWSM 

Procrastinator• June, 1993 


-----------------------------------------------------------
PROCRASTINATOR EXCLUSIVE 
SLACKER'S Elan El LIFE Follow these S simple step and join the lifestyle people are calling 'the easiest lifestyle of the nineties!' 
I. GOOD HYGIENE, DIET AND EXERCISE 
All very impottant and all too often ignceed by the amateur slacker. These three are the harder things to keep up on when one is devoting oneself full-rime to slacking. Remember to cut your nails at least once • week-TOENAILS TOO. Even as I'm writing this I notice that my fingernails have been ignored too long, their fife hit the keys, bothering me, but the effort to reach for the clipper is too much I prefer to suffer, as would any slacker. Showering should be thought about for as lean an hour before it's done, and then the shower mei/ should take at least as long as the waiting. During the shower you should spend Ion of time soaring at your feet while the water pummels your head. You should be thinking about why you lose your car keys all the time. If you must shave, use a rater. Always brush, using • painless toothbrush with non• abrasive paste. As for diet: carrots, bananas and peanut butter will provide you with all the nutrients you need cheap. plus the carrots and bananas can be moved easily, eaten easily, while making little mess or trash. (The peel's biodegradable!) The rest of your daily required calories should be consumed in beer and whiskey. Exercise too can take many forms. Watching ,,,,..relevision is about the only e3teetenle a true tacker enjoys, but early morning and evening hamstring stretches, a few pialreps, situps, one or two half-awed pulls at free weights, all help to stave off the eventual slacker physical deterioration into that of Horner Simpson. Walking, especially to and from the bee, is healthy for more reasons than one. Running, especially from muggers, sops, ugliness and responsibility, is good for the heat, as is dancing. Dancing is a great exercise all•too often unpracticed, especially by the sober and the ungraceful. Everybody should dance, and rots just doing the second set-.I mean all the time. 
2. MONEY. MUSIC & MINGLING 
Money is essential to slackerhood. If you don't have a trust fund, you might have to get a job. Don't be too wand, though. You know how to lack off, and that knowledge will get you entrenched somewhere, pushing some sort of pencil, if you're lucky. Do you know how to tie a tie? I don't. I have to get my roommate to help me every time I get another interview. Forget bout work! The real money is in music. Mush is big bucks, baby. Ies the only thing that isn't bad for you that you enjoy. Resisting the urge to buy tco many CD's is very important. They're very 'pensive. Music is a seductive force, leading as into the hands of Saran. We abandon ourselves to the inner forces and enjoy it. Similarly, mingling, flirting, etc. h harmless and enjoyed by ill. You can't catch any STD's or flak from raimingling. Maybe you get a few phone numbers but you never call them. It's a fun sport, but remember to play right. Here's a pointer or two Try to keep your mouth closed when you're not talking. Check your breath and hair regularly 
(seer Hygiene). Remember, mingling isn't an art, it's accidental, natural, like steam corning out of an open *ewer. Until you know just who you are, don't be yourself. Many slackers have never been themselves. Personally, when I'm mingling I tend to be Grandpa Simpson, or Troy McClure. Whoever you are, remember, nobody wants to hear how tired you are, how much your lip hurts, or how much you hate your boss. Problems should be saved for a rainier day and the urge to whine and bitch should be suppressed, lest you extinguish the flickering flame of happiness as it bums in the hearts of your fellow mingles 
3. SEX, DRUGS & MORE DRUGS 
The hardest thing slackers have to do is to remember and put on condoms. In initial sexual encounters, especially if drugs and alcohol are involved, the act of putting on a condom h out of sync with normal, marvelous "flow' of nature that it's almost impossible. Many single males are afraid to tarry condoms for fear that they will themselves. Foe this reason there should be condoms in every bedroom. When it comes to using one, tes better that the female puts it on. Remember, this is the nineties, and death is always in the room with you, so get used to him. Hear his voyeuristic printings and remain unmoved. Men should bear in mind that life's not about sex so much as 'contace a "iruimace. Sex is just the physical expremion of a spiritual experience. Another big spiritual enlightener amongst the slacken is drugs. With pot becoming more and more de-demented, the slacker suffers from fed eyes and brain death with less embarrassment than ever before. Remember to check for seeds and if the bag looks sheet, demand • weigh-in. Many slackers also enjoy such stimulants as mushrooms. ecstasy, I.SD, and toad-secretions Take them in little amounts first, because potency varies incredibly with each batch. Scan out small and work your way up to the hallucinations you desire. As for 'harder' substances, such as cocaine, crack and heroin, if you most take them, don't make it a habit or you will be very sorry. Stick to pot, ies better for you than anything, even alcohol. Ah, Alcohol: savior of slacken, water of life, destruction In the guise of an angel 'Whiskey is the devil, yes indeed. If you don't drink, you better have something ebe to do, or life can get quite boring. Drinking should begin after wock, or anytime after neon on the weekends, unless you don't awake until after noon, in which case you should have something to eat fist. Eat something substantial, too, like pasta. Start with beer, then switch to shots of jaegermehter, Turkey when you get to the bar. Remember: liquor after beer, you're in the clew. Or is it the other way around? just don't mix too much. Mixing had alcohols, i.e. a shot of tequila and • shot of Jaeger, is strongly discouraged. Tequila and wine are the most dangerous to combine. To further reduce your chances of getting a hangover, try holding off drinking for an hour or so before retiring. Drink a huge glass of water instead, and take some Vitamin B.12. Getting drunk every weekend is a requirement for successful slackerhood. The goal is to stretch the weekend longer and longer, until Tuesday is the only day of the week loft. This can have had long term effects, including brain, heart, liver, kidney 
and colon problems. If you drink excessively, you might want to dry out every once Ina while, (use to give your body the slightest chance of repairing itself. Also, remember that when going to • pony, It's always polite to being something. Arriving empty•handed and then eating and drinking enough foe six average people is very rude, a fact many people, including myself, prefer to remain steadfastly ignorant of 
4. DRESS, HAIR and SPIRITUAL SALVATION 
Jeans and anything you find at the Salvation Army that's not furry or pink, is the style for you as • true slacken Haircuts are a pain, though. You should let your hair grow really long, and then cut it all off, then start over. The hard fact that hair and nails (and laundry) always grow is • burden to the slacker. Washing, combing, conditioning, all must be done if • sticker wishes to resemble anything remotely human. As for spiritual salvation, the slacker spirit grows even quicker than higher halt. A saved spirit grows by leap and bounds, forever empowered with the love of love itself. Some slacken use psychedelic drugs in combination with dancing and alcohol to achieve a state of transcendental religious ecstasy that keeps them spiritually saved for months on end. When the bun of God fails, though, don't CUM outward for guidance. Within, my friends, is the only way to turn for salvation! Ignore or spit on anyone attempting to force their piety down your throat. We are all beasts of God, and the hallucinating bum on the street is • lot doer to grace than the self-righteous phony in the pulpit. So do like Homer and stay home from church. Ahhh. the Simpsons--They are the true spiritual salvation of the slacker. The slacker religiously watches every episode, over and over, until each is memorised, embodied, and quoted endlessly. Without the supreme guidance of the &masons, the life of slackers would be unlivable. Amen. 
S. IN CONCLUSION. 
Slacking Nobody mid it wasn't going to be easy. As a slacker you need to know how no ignore problem so well, it disappears on in own. You need to survive for days without food or water beuise you're too lay to wt. You need to relax so thoroughly that you pass out. Are you ready for the challenge? If you am, then you'll never be a docker. Forget it. The only way to make it is to not. 
Attention Slackers! Are you still living at home and curious about new ways to waste your parents' money? Call the Mud Hotline at (212) 260-8030 for information on merchandise or send letters with your parents' postage to: 325 E. 21st Street #12, New York, NY 10003 
Better belyberst thin good iqvorbes lore knolls. Swift 
The Procrastinator • June, 1993 
3 
---------------------------------------------------------------
YOUR HOROSCOPE 
PISCES: Sem ham ARIES: Sea the Mud TAURUS: See the Mud GEMINk SeekMama CANCER: See the Mud LF.0: See rte Mud 
VIRGO: Seethe Mal LIBRA: Snake Me Out 
SCORPIOi See the Mad CAPRICORN, Donee to she Mud 
SAGITARIUS: Drink heavily AQUARIUS: Soap 
THIS MONTH'S HORRORSCOPE-OEMIN I This month Too will get tuck in a dead end job, many out of bitterness, raise disloyal and untrustworthy children. *note parents lose you hair. pin 20 'bk. develop 6 substance d pendencies. go through a devastate* divorce, km you dead end job, foget abort kids. move to a trader park in Hume, and achieve one dethne.. 
CLASSIFIEDS 
HIPPY STUFF TIE-DYES! Bulk rates! We van do a deal, yes? Cheap: Cheap! Call Don (212) 260.8030 HOT SHOT AIRHEAD for sale, nice and loud. California grown. Only problem -venereal disease caught in college. Asking $350, neg. Box 7739, Procrastinator. LEGALIZE IT! For more information about GEORGE DICKEL BOURBON, write to George Dicke! Fan Club. 200 W. 15th St. Apt 3G New York, NY 10011. The Procrostinor appreciates all Dickel fans universally 
LETTERS TO THE MAN WHO SEES MUD 
Dear Man Who Sam Mud. BIM bath this man Skid LOuluglu. Valera Whoa 
Dean Vderte, Wind Did I ever all rot Moot that One in Las Vega, Bbik blth.Bbilkhahl -MWSM 
Dear Man Who Sea Mud. When does Dave set Naive.. head WooNpfully. Sally Solace Dear Sally. Man Downtown. 
-MWSM 
Dear MWSM, All these Miami Madura Hoe come they neva cone mow dame -Mud 
Dea, They don't cone keeause ma nn their -MWSM 
Dear Methyl MDA. Dory day la ualike any abet. -Mon. Dear Anon., Na true. 
Dar Man Who Sees Mut Are you &tenant 
Moundulty, Buddy Bum 
Dear Baldr, Wt.!, Yea 
Hey. EAch, What Is My Doctor Do CD1 Saold ugly. bias 
To advertise pm..,., (bards. Mins, melees, bark cars, vane, mum equtpment, hippy beads, anal eels and nagging Maud all Max at (212) 255.0725. 
WANTED: Fondue Sets! Hungry armistice workers melting genetic counselhag. Must pay dboonnt Mos! Box 7735. Procrastinator. ADDICTIONS 
DESPERATELY SEEKING SEDATIVES: Will pay top dollar for bottom drawer depressants. Not Kidding! Life of voluntary motionlessness found to be uremia,' after all. Crave Pertmem, Valium, Da rvon. Novell, Percodan, Darvocets, RoMblnal, Kama. Dihudid, laudanum. Dement, assorted opiates, even Tylenol ill's (w/Codebia)i Send respnsses to BOY 7736, Procrastinator. 
PERSONALS 
SWF seeks slacker. SWF seeks backer SWF seeks weed. SWF seeks speed SWF seek. same. R&D fan seas pain SWM seeks • girl who seeks love INSANE! Seeks • love, seeka a bug, and finds INSANE AGAIN! 
Vern and Barn at the Ice copodes 
5AY 1 P414"ruTle" 5 IZA k or+ sag t0 Ba, > sql-wt.) MAP,/ WAG'S ARE is ,NA N1 u■Ay2 
vb.-ttbt GETS Zuzz-iP NPR.) WA cm tat. 
2 
4 

Z1 Mss V:at-N,vsw, ‘,66S 5,6(1 „ r.-- WA) 6.k De"..156.. Zt ....k‘c.Vt tied 
Der Max. Pm ray but we've run out of time. Ootta 
got 
When addreesing the Man Who Sees Mud. please rarember tee •Weu amylases. IMMO* •Feign tenet •Sem mu maid,* •Make to sudden facial 
•repback towall •Use dumdum bullets •Neves forget what he is *Reek of bourbon •Watch your &Mk •Forget all you have learned. •Remerrbee ahem four walks and flask are. 
ATTENTION MUD FANS! Mexican Mud Tapes are now only $5!! T-Shirts a mere $10! and all Mud stickers are FREE! 
PROCRASTINATOR STAFF: Erich Kuersten and David Maxwell 


.7 i■V'L  5AY, ARN) 15 11.5 .0,Key (TAME? 
nos 
0 

41A5 LATE MAy.,...I 

;A40.1. Thati Litt' ;S MELT I46. re.cm cszakE Ci dETte.r :ads. 

Procrastinator • June, 1993 

