CE-1271117 
9thl /14ilows (Zeigh610/4/0 Level 
This month we bring you the greasy pan drippings of New York City least reliable journalists: - Follow Erich down a meandering path of tedious sell-references! - Find out why Ida finds it hard to love! - Discover the mystery of Dave Parsons cereal fetish! - Jhudder with revulsion at Max s darkest confes-sion! - Enjoy our new party snacks! - cringe, wine and parry at the razor wit of Baklava eater Achmed airman! 
/0 Wait me WI un worn min nut int en so' 
 salPannensuce a Cot 
11 &ACM 11 i ribr liS 
,SAT. NOV 26 • 10pm • New Music Cure Kew Ybrk (212)'9at !Sr 
FRI DEC 2 I 1pm New Music Cafe New York NY i 212i 941-1005 
SAT DEC 3.l( us Globe Theater Norwalk Cr (203) 866-2999  
SAT DEC 10 10pm Nobody's Inn Mahwah NJ (201) 529-2357 
THU DEC IS lOpm Stanhope (louse Stanhope NJ ( 201) 347-0458 
FRI DEC 16 I Iprn New Music Cafe New York NY (212)941-1008  
SAT DEC 17 I mu Cab. 1 Bin Ithaca NY 
1I 
SAT DEC 31 10pm The Acme New York NY (212) 686-4863 
If you could likc to attend our New Year's Extra% aganta it the Acme III NYC please contact Donna ir. (212) 686-4863. Tickets arc limited, so don't delay. Call now and ■ou nil' also =eke this hand' set of steak knit es. FREE OF CHARGE I tifiti pr hen/ whisvunwkehk• Want a copy of the Mud's CD? send $12 to 951 2nd Ave. 2nd FL NYC 10022 Make checks payable to Mark Cluj Want info or more stuff!?? CALI (or warn') THE wousr Or t4111D @ (212) 759-0454 

951 2nd Ave., 2nd floor, NYC 10022 
David Maxwell 222 E. 17th M2F New York NY 10003 
a' PM 
:5 NOV /9 9 A 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You Suck! 
Del pr mod at me when a iet you Irma • the wed We ail suck *taw though • Sew. or on • lozenge or down an los cold beet Then * rode; wrong et 'surer In this emu and yet the word arcing Is such • not alive one, popultatted b ■ nods mime by Bawls and Buret Mel • young peon Is band to be beeped by witdcmin stun enerldreg loon • found or aucidncr. Mee at no one suns more tort babe on • panto a bottle or net* and sunny they am not to be Mere a ndiculed tor Wen 
The worst is U.S eh Barns and Bullhorn popularly. the square Oaf railer* 01 the world we near me napalm, correstellon of 'sun" to ire to the refs youth. 'Suer le used ementone se • awe ;nee to NO tap no thee baby wale A typical command might road "Try our pan. the am Mai doesn't suck- CeSCh001 sou. mud*, but not Wan you're on • ingot nigh to the one you get tram Slug Barr Why la sucking such • Op met 
CI course, me al Inn it * the cagy nee carnelian of the world Val mare 1 so aerates Yet. intent I seem • Me Wind of Beet end Bullhead two pelted virgins. to can ate as et such awake bean-ea? SoCkIng a eleOdalitcl at • lent Id th• le rely spedetted among Irene e la door to man by POW Wen WWI 0••••• thorn poi eery. and ma the le no mart no sty poen granted lo thie generous veer se poems this ream atom In lect. 'Yo. suck wry d_• la carictered an blendble lei Menet 111 save as the tripanioned newel of • loved 0ns7 I am new there le mato wry serrectIng here me would Ike from than to ere tee motion performed on Sr IS you they stlgenatize the room n*ref pan Myer of Ineklousry wie adolescent sweeps 
So. lers per toper and Mink about SuCeing • non positive light. Does and gins AM VW next area someone Me you thel you suck see and soy Think you Not IX* 11011 but I audt wth Inhenellyn 
MAN IN CLEVELAND REVEALS LACK OF INTEREST IN OJ CASE 
Me neliptoos Ytes euebeCled. Ills wee. eta) *Waled can TV waft had no duo Then. sot Mgr. Edward Mee Sopped hie leer M Ills 110. IMAM his third renew, and einem need that he hod ro Mad .00•11001.101 M OJ case."1 fa cant born ins a true hie wee at in ■ sobwdden Wanner* so the pine 'He always sand Igentiled. even Otiniq the with ale hats of Its Bronos pole crass' 
The natxxvil preen w trying lo ctsciecbt Mr Pinque. Oiling tel etornitig trom Topeie•Wy *dad by an owernwIroing amount ol Media StInitilr to 'moron' In rye deeowase hopes nu nobody in Armies at mitre that e0e1•0001 elm .hale their ea a buctrabin at whet • Nog rabid the murder pad of the century. W. PINY& *then Wad 10 COInniOnl on Ova sort of teeth In mite name might create. could only spa. Ong and ere PC he didn't on tout U.S slew. Good gape. Pined 

Pee Bagger ran to try? 
Procrastinator's GUIDE TO FALL 
Garth 
Ai::: FASHION, 1994 
01 obese by row every one in the 1.1•01011 mono I. S'S over Among Sperms plan io well • new One of dewed .eels.*. Muni WWI* pail Of fro gigantic 'Dumb Beaux" She Ort wet *alum sue* pattern design ony on the fleet ol dr germ tonne* arse Ms to In risked eye: Speed teed to me Caring an impede pen suers yachting sadder 'You have to Ian he Irk* Oul to On Me pates On the ovine. bey look .' he paused kw • sounes sines a lawn earns. •Ste alp • Already th•fill• • eye bey war ear Spagers new Me. Many marry other top designers we cottoned thee the One le ea awful MO I Muhl n lad end tee world ot high fares as ere brow I. ant-tha • *0110eppoypes of MS* man. to there w • furious furor to buy Sordoni ma and mar sure the Cots rover naafi er Wales. 
Tee the of clothing le as entirreelng ltd en: commented neon sea Ewe MeldegO I cowl help le catch on wrong the young Anse* hem• Grunge *the might of Menne PIVISIIA rasher conarIM:1 ash Mr Specenn so cried •ure-fleetor 
SLACKER'S GUIDE TO CHEAP FALL VIDEO BUYS 
ProcrastratIng wthoui a entre Bann S almost • cowls* Si ol Ins To Sal se Neely cherineuel olf cable is sapelytm. and • good proaastiner daunt read to be any epee Peron, • lame persona tray of en is noally IC Old the mod laie-red veer you nal an newel free of the "psychlotorremneterr a leghtlre• you go end try to by ■ p►recordad lAdao-tem Pry an be expeneive. you an nee your can tepee cal cart but ea can remember when the movies nos on? Unless you have two VCR* to kende to tape tepee (even with two. conemn b• therrehre) For tone of us harctom Mews. this Is pro too much WI non TM folorng Is • Mal some get 171011•I IS you as bur to find In the lege bl• r en never doe te : Tower. WU, sr thee erred* the tentera Wee Pelle Moore Vol VC' and "Moreno Truck Expo Mesta the Shothlth Deseyer tor abaA St to S4 99 scan. 1 Camel Cl Soule (Average nee SS) 1962. pr He Wenn An male bed she Meese maremisco rout • non-nee moue Much rent who We tor-en caught bonen Ile ape doe rum in be rennet* Gen weld 01 nen Amer" woman haunted by nigrerneree U.S bleed Into <logy ale The Need Canape Hector fps • cam perionnence. Duce (11001 a.daa b•C1110 10 MONO of 000111:10111 its 40' round Men site time to adlust to Bs. the demon pustarq sae an erosy and nom* In carmen to that germane namely ern Is the arnal thing th the le An reef rreiel-ovm el Me pre 
2. Joe Ornsiebte now at Ms bargain tads by your local Wiz ant S3 99) 1970 POW Bore On • pre--fourq Freraeneleln' 101I1) le • erne lappr-hating telt who behtess ri upper-den ter►nier nano rnuedered hie degrees don-dolling bra) The Iwo dna Ode po Nirdetcover end new; tip • bed with two IreelovIn. when but when the druggedoul wares never they prefer their worry young neater nub cornarions tor the Icemen* they get Ind Its slot shooing TT* lo • movie youl want to show again and rain to your there 
3. Crewe from the Heeled tee (Avenge Mal: S5) and The Urn Strop of Moron. (Pr Roger Caen) In this period of the Ines. sohlock-tyme Roe Colman we adopt-ing • eon ot • Si "nein: rei se his h:0101 mat in acme So M two menus at onoe lot M then Meng retie of reek Aware as el as In hipper ledlouseer 01 71on Square hear at any exmlordlog drogue lbw throughout be. 'Ws dm hap. man: 
Procrastinator Disclaimer: 
Rens is not Mb* lor demean .1 teary or reed and nerves the rage lo theme eloremsnucoved deem on Ads a God. anon by slay governor+ or pert-goveninen-lel amity nn. hoot therrectIon. not. tagleon ernbarcee. othloseertirr legal or Segal labor or Segal ehortngt trenepOrtallOn inliweron of any Old work slowdown. pro-longed nobody, to of at brevet. him on pen or reran ro peon% Seebeck Fene noel ar a re mar by Roar Moan tromover road re. said mke. arra kW ite Than you 
PICCX100110•X • November. 1994 
bar 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Max's stmt. Man Quiz 
1. What was the piece of ei done* that eat/ got Ted Bundy Ow dyad? a agora* on aerosol Can b: blie marks h Lisa Leyte Dul-a C fat from Burdys has found on sorority carpet 2. How deny stele were found In Jeffrey Daiwa apartment ? What color were they anal? a St. Gay b: Four. Red c Ten. Purple d Eight Paw 3: The nickname that little than. Mansont mommy gave hen. A good sign ol Uh quay nurturing is provided a. tae Sawn b. Mater Hata C. ay d. fare Meta 
4. Val pan of the years dd Arthur Stan. the Geneses Rai/thief dwour? a War b 4094 C Cada 0/ Was 5. How ram Want wakes did Deed aka* hew In Ns head? Wit N ewe rase? 
6. When JelIny Darter a • *tan's aver II lad a: abery 
D. and? c art a Ile Derby's dam Med Wee 
7. How any laws did Cara Serkwather slab his areas father? Her mocha a 2-yea old air? 
0 How any reeds dd X-rays. rectal Imbed** In cannibal Alred Fats pots *Ma arra • hort-oircultad th• cad? a.14 b. 37 C. 172 d 216 
a Although • bl of sell-ordelnel saran killer 'depend' caster dim to a the greatest mss murdsrsr. this psychedelic prophet never actually killed 
10. The method of ligature by which Albert D•S•Ivo. the Boston Stringier. depettned of Ns 13 victims a tads b. rope C. Ile d. I* elerinpad a Vain' * Isvaill• 
11. TM county maw a cozy none to 91% of evo wit bars aver reported In th• *ma of area Navy. 
MID so POW) ' I I O at OPIUM thtlflat3 6 • 59 .91 TA 0'9 
WWI to who loa put swallA tar alwon Pon -it ari) u_ 'can can ESA!) 5 5 
P '• P 2 11 'I want 
mAtnalINGy0AME 
SiptructIons; Match 'ha Mud member or Procnanstor slag oanateler e M night Wth their dorniren1 chareadellos lad below. 1. Obdurste• hardened In alba b:stttbomly persistent in wrongdoing 2. Vallerotrao loud at Ina* es to an Wen-Don 3. Laconlo-arg a Wang • ratan of was 4. Obalreperou►rnerkixt by unruly or weave noWness. So vocileroue 5. LugualowateggeradY a sated* miwitzl 6. Impecunious-nava etle or no may usu. haus* 7. Pol•mical/Dtsputallous-atin to aggriar• attacks on Of radians of the principals and philowates of rats S. Vituperative•having • tendency to matte ungual-l•dcapricious area and abate a Diary canna by prooranaten 10 Pertiniclousatterie nakary lo an opin-ion. papa or dear/ arse* plan 11. Eugenie:I • typically pan or COIOnala saga-bang solitary mania was one or Iwo flak wary from • al aka gee 12. Parsimonious - frogs/to me poet of Wain 
A. Dave S. Marc C. Man D. Soon E. Don F. Erich a. Max H. Damn 
PnArai,la...1 • ?...nerntier. i /94 
COPING WITH THANKSGIVING 
Your Gull to Entaton and Ice-Cute Fladoney 
In the foacwano tea you over loam to evaluate your restanshr with your lama. your maea Ian (I you have ore). and your tolerance tor Waal From tree Wawa you vnll learn now to rents to yow naltbra. Ml anal wan munch Is cad lot. and m001 InIptelently. to learn how to drink Net Waugh lo enjoy panel We TanktignIng 
PART ONE: THE TOLERANCE TEST (This last M la 4 12 hours) 
Swale Owelbn. How an you? 
a Awesome b. Say. 0. Near beta. sr 
(Coosa answer in 
You haw urn the previa show is over to ens the balm que•tIont 
1. My neighbor. Emanuel. bought a sheepdog. Ever taco there's been white heir In my ros•bustems My wife thinks I'm crazy. Do you gee that fur there. no-thwer a. Thirst It Uwe. Mr. Milpitas, so sr hak or my anasetoa, of death. and of Is fie fa 01 antra Mclte Who as Me are lo W lea they an Moe clans h Ds was of the flood Shun not hi clog-talr. W. Arians. I makes your roan grow b Emrrenua What *he? A 1-In Ind You way Me yawl did. end It be IFS dog a 1 ant ewe mama** I la yard We ea** you' it Aid the Wow. 
2. So, whit can I gel YOU to drink? 
• U0. weever b. Wit hays you gar? 0. notNrig. Uwe you. bow. 
1 If you answered "IC go on to this castion, If not, skip to dation 31. Whet ova you Ilan? Pear7 Cal Bar? 
a Pante ands dandy b. Whit end of bow? a Do you a eornetting the Coke could chase? d. WPM a you pot? 4. Why, Thera might be some Ouzo lea from last New Yea Snuggle•Axe, Where's that Ten-Nigh booboo we got nom the chrisunas party? If you'd pnbr bar. Meta Moan and Oa" Light to Me cooler a. I dial brow Wel Ouzo S. but tee Snuggl►Ax• to al t qua U. Ten Nye, an high. ten Ngh. C. I eel ben you• wabl Inane* to serve ire alcohol. O. I thins as pawing old ere. 
S After kering • secret stash of Dom PerIgnon. you vomit on the finely carpel. Your beet now now Mu* be to: 
e. Una, on yawl 0.. Dare yaw low lor Fab* ownly to all *to Isten C. PR your worn w tor noney d. Embark upon • career as • sob faunae 
612. in • heeled aft cheer discussion. the topic lams to religion. Match the Wowing alcohol Wake combinations with the proper level of dogmatic al In the ensuing •rgurneni 
COWAN. DINNER ORM RELIGIOUS STANCE 
a 1 beer b. 3 gin ma kinks c del ak• cl 3 bows • 4 highballs I 1 beer g. 6 data 
2 she 3 are 1 was saw ••••••lat It • ben bee-dike 
6. lagnentry avec 7. Hamanthou sober 13 Smugly peewlo-fluddhlal 9. sangleeously Staab 10. pbnotaly*unk 11. yidleray non-Catholic 12. Mont ounno ante converiaten 
11 The Cowboy. an surang bed* at a lade of the Rama If Grandpa sin you if you Inn the Cowboys Can mate a co awl:wet during the third quarter, and you donl realty cans you're beet bet to NM escape from having to talk to him • Ignore tan coneary b. Feign haat VL yaw sober enough to Neve the tide c Plata an • *ruin Cosa YICSOff. OM Own area ha *at d. Rim avey In leers 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WAR OF THE WORLDS WON! PRE SE: HVFOS ARE AMONG V$!" 
The govenimmt oftleally abrated to • toreros than. me masa( ma 40 wassail itewly-tag calk montane. asp circles. UFOs sod. arthanniegly noted, Elvis sightiam. The protean remake' is • thart.spotch to as tamed peen eta the top levels of the (S govens ems haw bees aims drastic awns to keep *Lea Madams • SOWS. etepthang suck usslop, lusted mats as disc aditiag without.. coaftscatag tars*erreanal endesce awed dastiag arouse manse load Paley oasts to dints swim°. 'tall eow. poky ha bees to asp Joe Average Amencas • nasal and sawed .otssumer, foes to wawa hal TV. usadge la &hawse of pesky std oats= cooracuous annum of beef ad ma products: the pod-deal that has to thy. Sit lot Mena America. those salad Mr as dom. Dimes it saves:" The pre•that thee west oe to acootent the the guanament will work to tame the people by swag a deal with Amp, EaterlwarneW art 1180 to produce a •arthagly lose mai-tenth deaths with the .10-wae corapirecy. It will be coned Vlas Tea' ark sue Heim lath Stevethow. Lta Sommer est Duo haunt. Kama ha it that Mr. T has bees topcoat.* stout pumas uw nevereed Al area. who atleumb sa so way sameml sot the otherwes. • tams Lag he be tactodod1 
ALIENS LAUNCH "STAR" INTO AMERICAN HOMES! 
Atoms the "outdated highlights ot the nutu-actsth eta be "Las". as klIk. I Latratataityl Dialogs@ Lacy is the gowertureat's tam tor ax lade gene vision) who o appeal y the honest thug scats is the west of the TV waschtag gamy. Ea* ma csatacly matt* pleas to visit Earth as the Ira °Metal -threntar" from smother world -Mort My Fannie Manta LT.. they we all an meager! Now you have me. Fain You will boy may products with my ape co than and will to* (eolith oo morer Eats will be the fat aties suprepopsue who is a the ass won as • trassvosto* Isis ethembles If as ythag • cross *tweet the orogen ut Close Eabostuen (whose ditator he s please to its fa roy•daat to the awe !steel and • pat. sited New York real mate toter. ay pas. we have an wan." Untied Eats .e • peatecoaf wrath Mae nowoe the saws. You will wee Wit twit them I am awing the ptettorre. I coat drug severe tuna • year Awl I act nate. for we them do sot lave pasouphoots.ohnousty oath on oar pact that is so was.' Eva Se melba:se IS pheaoasetha Man Weft few @Mandl, would believe km May sotranky Sang we sal .Whet to believe is the alas a Al. melodies warned sky.wokaa lead Sams who teas that a as crenate beyoad wee the is Wain Ca Swap as iabeete they esemay eta The mah will be may Ka a Esis Sealy ha paw to -hare all, as will son &om nee. this November. when he will pate oudc for a sewed  is the Aarhus Menial of 
MEXICAN MUD ALMOST BURNS TO DEATH IN SYRACUSE ARE 
Es LA Syr nal NY I' taro Soo* swept,, TIMmaralii are raked into a sweaty hale of neevonauss. soon to be denied what they had dreamt it from the start, what/ 
lAiiter" MEMBERS CHARGED WITH OBNOXIOUSNESS LEWDITY, DISTURBANCE.. 
rw.ay.tie.  to 11:yrnil c....4% 4.1 and Do 'Koons' Manua were nanny sentenced to one tom noun west labs as hoonday when. talc.- tag • some one. town pg. they was thsorteval dune* a taunt police brisk to be ca-rom all ova 35 in nanowaps and damns moan ban a Chaim kn. Iran, winch they had nvendy checked our A frightemd end loon yelped tooned to chain them with smart alecly comments. ple140 -Man -bn.ltiltnil AMY:a and automat Domani tubes. Alm unelected. duet will at keep. IS the sown*. Dave *The Inangtent'Panom. wto alftWorradY evened a soak era at the hotel. knanng Nil well tent owe 40 people woe platoon ay sleeping thaw 'I an ham how many people. said !Waned Adana. the rughtelerk. 'and tit ad 'one' swthand him. Then I was pie MOM. that • laughter. any people laueteng. dux apes I luck Itra Inallne he hem This Dent Swede hy. lead Not me people lake he eel So mash pea* ae (lax, al bed. Ind Ws Venn—Pea and toilet pipet entywherer 
Acwaeent(y de Med were planner take-piper batten.' a game whew toes paper rah wateureted foe ball, a lanw oleo wove as a bat. and the boa are *annttlere Molten rise Stem • storage that had byes eh open darn the halt there as no getup d balk, and widen haws the Noes ars thigh-deep m ten When asked who won. • owns woman who was at the scow cruel cols ea 9 thick the Iced. Sunken St on won.' 
Don 'de Dean cr Mae Masan. due to la pane bean/ an claws prOMMOW. wal the 1•111 to be feed on the 320 tadt unmestateh he was reenested lot !emblem Appanady. 14:. Mann wad the holding tank lunging bran'. a :nee aping goad-twat wheal, ra-nee BY/Ty ma meth in the wide tame a upstate New York. The teen-agcy.* dander commented LW that he wee unapyount over Ns still deed. admitting hews, in tact. Lame lomat to arm quality lad to rro a f• ram Kra a namoute to wash his ON boa mote in NYC-He cowman aces nu ova nes noose tcoganwoon nit tape. ho with Don chandully sang Isle tnsanamment. Scott soil wady Paw for his Mt. mowed fedvaed check. oaf P P Parka tall at lara. hotline and &spa& we we kW with ally Mare *shaky Man' Coq and Mot ',Aso' bless Inv from dams, we can only woods tale the mercers bard nil get home in lint tor the in Stepsons, 
Classlessifieds 
Vas DAD 10 the °bloat). the frtaatratOd inOto v.csi 
MISCELLANEOUS TEXT  ire agate Ike • belly on wade down parade. tat dines to the rnmstry, a thousand lorgoden sheds of mole) and Viplab00, ultterblue. of thlerree and pentode of dry-woods. Dancers MOW Den • belly. l and down and beckwea 
PERSONALS  SWIAGF seeks same emotional and epoxy-reiated bond I like Sang out and waling In (and know how to do 
4 
PERSONALS  them both senulteneousin don't alt Xavier Terms 3:36-9087 
EMPLOYMENT  ACTORS/ACTRESSES II you rs era estald of the la trot you could be rating Nett row Inland of yaw or-Ninl part mow pry. or 4 You KS wan the undrekled Mention of the world. glue us • all • No graters/ Our orgenalon* lookVM for YOU. yowl* fa) ert amass e MOW with na 
EMPLOYMENT 
morel reserves about gelbng what you watt or do) an even more *Vac-We woman who Is COMIOIWW• Mn 'adut errilrOntnentt Men may feel tree* apply. and en VIWCOM• to WOO WSW the hours to ow reee000K any until they eel the messag• Call Afecny - 1-900 334-9009  LAZY WHITE BOYS ate anxious to mks your meant CY 076-SLACK to rare New fork's most ironies* *rip* Equal Opponutsse Erristoyet 
D1D SOMEONE SAY RAqiNq BAsti? JOits4 LIS FOR NEW YEAR'S 
CCM(212) 6456-4543 
Tref-resonator • November. t994 
eass. 
'ea/ 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
