Can Parsons' hair be saved? 
IT MAY BE TOO LATE! 
] Will miracle  foods fruits and  't_id help  this aging star?  
New York York 
PROCRASTINATOR 
May, 1994 
FREE! U.S. / $1.09 CANADA/70p UK 
POT GURU SIGHTED IN ROCKIES!lagreco Still Alive and living with aliens! 
Inside 
Measy in ferocious brawl with NYC sidewalk. ...Page 2 
Jersey Devil settling down in New York with sister Holly? 
...Page 2 

Max's shocking encounter 

"I lived with a toilet par iunkpeie" 
Tea-Kettle  Hits NYC Page 2 Music Scene 
Your shoe size tells how long you'll live! 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
DAVE PARSONS IN DESPERATE BATTLE AGAINST HAIR LOSS! 
Vitamins and an all vegetarian diet are just two of methods that Dave Parsons, esq., has adopted to pre-vent any further recession of his hairline. "If it goes, I'm going with it,' declared a defiant Parsons after emerging from a grueling 10-hour Hair Club for Men sales pitch. Upon learning that too much ani-
mal protein is a factor in hair loss, Parsons has recently bought a five pound bag of rice, which he plans to consume in its entirety. No more hamburgers for me," vowed the courageous star. We can only pray that these drastic mea-sures will help in his desperate, valiant struggle. 

Le, Artst s 0000000CA 01what Parnell may Mk Ike by err year 2000. 
MAX CONFESSES: 
I lived with a toilet paper junkie! Procrastinator managing editor and publisher Max Von Cider endured a traumatizing and gut wrenching two month ordeal last summer, as he reveals in his book 'The Bourbon Myth' due for release in July (Barchog Books, $19.95). Apparently Mr. von Cider took in a friend who he calls "Derek Corstin' to stay with him while between apart-ments , jobs and girlfriends. Throughout the weeks that followed, Max gradually became aware of a sickening penchant for bathroom tissue that his roommate had been hiding for years. As the exorbitant supply of toilet paper diminished and the financial burdens became unignor-able, Max approached the reclusive Corstin, who nervously avoided the issue. Soon Max noticed various videotapes in Corstin's collection which showed people dressed up in Snuggles and Brawny costumes and engaged in strange, pagan cleaning rituals. As the days pro-gressed, Corstin's illness grew to sickening proportions. "1 can almost sympathize with him.' Says Max, "I myself have felt the pull of the roll after a Benny Burrito's binge, but Jeez, he was up to a six pack of triple-ply Scott's a day." 
TEA-KETTLE SEIZES MUSIC SCENE! 
The tea-kettle in the home of Dave and Erich is a loud one with a whistle that stuns out low and quickly begins to skyrocket up octave-after-octave in a beautifully steady. shriller-by-the-second hunt that must be heard to be believed. and "sure as hell gets you movin. into the kitchen to cum it off', as Erich would say. 
The Kettle, which recently issued a 3-song demo emitted "I'm-a Kettle You. Charlie Manson," is currently considering numerous contract offers. A hot property vocally. the kettle has thus far been offered jobs currently being held by Chris Barron. Anthony Keidis. Eddie Vedder and Milo Z. Is it little wonder them, that the Mexican Mud-whose front-man Scott Lehr has been getting uppity lately-have joined the bidding war? "Yeah, and we'll win." noted Dave. 'because I own the rights to that kettle - and that's that." 
And that's a big kettle of fish for a nervous Mr. Lehr to lug to the laundry". as Granny would say. Granny was a bit senile. 
JERSEY DEVIL TO INFEST BIG APPLE 
Scott Lehr is Finally moving out of ho porters house to ',ye in New York. Unlotionotely, he hos no job and no °pe-men,. So the big question is when? Why? n How? Many citi-zen of the city that never sleep are already planning on moving es far away as Osappaquo in order to avoid eye-contact with the leering, red-eyed rapper they've known only as the 'Jersey Devil.' •I have until he signs a loose, this could be months away,' theorized a frightened cob driver. "Then I om goi to get in my cob and head west like a bot out of hell. Myt Peer is that he will get in my cob and wont me to take int somewhere. I hear his a lousy ripper.' Many of the Devil's comrades in slack ore also up-in arms. One was heard to voice a fox that they would be summoned to help him move in. Another quaked at the notion he would be borrowing video lopes and never returning tam. All we know for sure is that, job&oporthsent or not, the Jersey devil has his round eye set on New York, so be vigilant. Protect thy flask! 
TRACY MEASY: BLONDE BRAWLER? 
After a messy divorce from aging rock icon, Marmoduke Starr, the notorious Meosy has been seen carousing lute night in just about every downtown club in New York. A voracious appetite for free beer and attention drives her on past any point of coherence. And after consuming her fill, she is known to get surly and hos her share of barroom brawls. Lost week she was seen attacking a sidewalk outside a prestigious midtown jazz club. "She's o little girl,' noted one block-eyed club owner who asked that his name be witheld for fear of Measy's vengeance. 'but she sure can hit.' 
'She makes Shannon Doherty seem like a nun,' observed a drunken admirer. What this erratic behavior stems from, only her therapist knows for sure. But one thing you can be sure of, wherever she goes, there's bound to be men with money, or influence over bartenders. And, if there is a bond, she will be on the guest list. 
Procrastinator • May, 1994 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
LAGRECO NOT DEAD? 
Startling photograph reveals that former Syracuse Cannabis Legend is still alive and quite happy in secluded Colorado alien bunny font,. John 19unhyhuggerl Lagreco. who was presumed dead (and hoped eaten alive by grant scorpions) since 1991. when he ddappeared into the Rockies froth a 16 pound bag of pea bud and a greasy aw mattress, was spotted by a Nuns! last month parad-ing through a small town in Colorado wish a consortium of "Dunntes'. Medium Sashs Vankara. alter fondling the proture for an hour. murmured 'I feel that John is not aware ot his surroundings. He was o0wousty abducted by awns and he has since been learning from them: penechng Ns snowboarding techniques and anesthetang Nome to suppress the gush over Ints wasted college education.' ccrasf or reporter Gifu (bummer flew out to Rest, Gulch. Ccforaclo to moss-o:Ie. Resident stoners denied any knoetedge of the parade and the aien bunny co:. although they exhibited a profound merest m Gummeos fluorescent den. We were able to locate what is believed to be Lsgrecos as mattress. winch was bend used at a local Pizza Hut to keep the ovens greased. Local authont*s believe that Lagreco May have actuary smoked hrnsell out in the wntlemess. Owen mad Dy a terms:us THC pones. A penally burned letter wntten n Lagreco-s chtlosh scrawl was found in a pale of ashes outvote Resin Gulch. next Ns abandoned, worthless sarnsnaled Nolo-ma. wench was being used  as a 'seen' fray. A trartscnpi of The lette• fs on the fo,o,vng Oahe 
LSD SHOCKER! 
BERLIN -- A 5-year-old boy was arrested on a charge of attempted murder after he held his kinder-garten teacher at gunpoint while an unidentified playmate injected her with a near-lethal dose of LSD, news agencies report. 

Classifieds 
Publisher's Note: Max reserves the right to refuse any ads that fail to reflect the twisted and confused morals that the Procrastinator supports. 
Spiny Lobster needs love from understanding Pakistani heiress. Into butter, lemon, herbs. Box 356, Procrastinator Seeking armless mon or woman for bowling partner. Serious applicants only. Box 358, Procrastinator. 
LOST: One newly purchased flask lost by careless roommate on cocaine/bourbon bender lost Tuesday morning near Tompkins Square Park. If found please fill and leave behind 
stage at Desmond's Tavern this Thursday to receive reward of several one-hits (or one several-hits) 
LOST: Broin cells. I can't remem-ber where. Coll...Uh, I forget the number. 
POSITION WANTED for fully posoble ex-college grad. Have experience with missionary, full-fetal, starter and pole. Let me show you how I con bend over backwards. Call S. Armstrong (212) 565-0498. 
WANTED: Information leading to the whereabouts of my car-keys. They were lost seen in my car, which was last seen head-ing west, with me in it. lust tell my mom I'm sorry to miss her mashed borers, But she knew I'd have to leave home someday. Her number is (609) 389-2874. 
OPENING extremely capable young college-grad. Must type 50+wpm, Moc, Quark, IBM PC, WP5.1, LSD-25, and THC expe-rience o must. Some table done-
ing required. Quiet office envi-ronment, dark, desolate down• town location. Apply in person only, be ready to apply oint meet to my upper back. PCS Temps: 234.9090 ask for Dr. Richlieu. An equal opportunity employer (but only young blondes need apply. 
TRAIN FOR DENTIST CAREER WHILE WQRLNG OTHER 1081 Coil now tor ndy brochure on surgeon. Fel employees to train ‘,.c..oreer as an wi never mout oft To 'you again! (212) ORALFIX 
Procrastinator • May. 1994 
3 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Edam's nom This es a trarocnot of a nom round out near where Lagreco was law teen.. A mood ,cnten“ •nxturc have been left In roc authenocity and humorous aspo.s. 
VICE OR VERSA? 
Addictions. let me tell you aboueern you can't live wrilYmi and you cow Inie weM me m. The ones you hole you always mom oo de, the ones you eke you always do times two. well, at lean that's how is is cm her in a maws rerun sown. les kindo lib college MMus o doss or homework. Out her people am odd:coed so partying, not ore. drug Ista them MT People ono always saying; ...toddy° go?, Les go smoke onel. Do you woe a burtpT or who's buring the shots? 1 mem what about the To been drunk and wowed for msks• hong... The cur: More. Avoid: Ms. Now shoes oddicaon. We for this reason the !fly MO,/ town hos the rudest lads. You see we rage' We're no Aspen or Vail were the rah sober flock. BO yes these moot. hove ockkitions a well. 
Addicrions ore dl Motive Someone CM he oddased to dews while someone else one be addicted to a ride . ridiculous Ifestyle. 'Honey con you run to the non • re 10fOO GOV■Of; This enne on doesn't seem the some without it.' Who about the sugar junkie? they're always gong koo Ism lor Coco Puffs. There one oho the adenine junkies. These people kw on fed of death bat they close out Fear ride the cholas of death out They might do N20 Body Amps, snaMmod off SO' difh or freefoll and the cord at the km minute MO ft Monte ground. Wham 1,411 Then are trttny Cusps b be oddoed to be oddioions proehrs es well, especioly when they interfere wish your normal day life. Such os late for work, too h4, to deodl with work or drowsiness and impaired coord• name an work. Ahlsough addicrions con muse probkons, these problems con be sapwood by mend odiations and physical oddic-
uthocintes believe sl is. produnarson of aomc son 
Rona. Most people ore mentolly addmed bia•noiing. such as the ChrIXIIC mew-ham, the Chocolate low,Si= Me fanatic, .liC011 Mud Band and the Worms Wolobi overdoses. Problems that occur with thew addicts would probably be lowered sperm mum. weight trouble. constant Simpson quo. re-mowing Dave Parscrokantasies ond o runny nose an the lobte with row pews. These problems ore f or less aeon than ones a:moor:mod by phykol acklidons. These could be ruse. -ol symptoms, D.T.s. shaky coordination Dep. va/ddpiostcksh) o we prewnoo infam cn. Tee parole oud wen sell Mir Mud CD 'Now With More Soh' for another fie. I neon they're so for goo that o placebo would get Men high. The severity of nosh problems will always depend on she indmickol oote. Sod person should took at their °dela-lions and decide whether or not it is a desire Of o dependence. for instance. 
Tt.pm. mnapeltinp.illthelOta gramma, and 
when I look at my penned case study 'coke I have a dose dem relonondep wY, rrry desired inkoicoes. I neon rn, to corona beta I do ham emow :seldom More its quesaioroble. io crashing a nowecen bike into o rrked coming home born the bars. Busing eyeglasses down the toilet while vorming, being car-ried ow of the bor horn falling down an ludas odd the rest ore all documented in 'TM tile and Timm of loin Logrece. Germ. a beak new Dom Simpson puts het boding boll in the fridge. Mhoug♦ Mew things mow somearros ern sal on top of things. Sone people say don't do dogs, don't eat red mat mom Pee old nay Ilkley. This is good advice for WOO lea for the young mum who worm to have fiit and not worry about things so nods, I say 'eat wet, SSW fit, die onywey.• Rage on my friend and owe your worries when you hil-40. Than coon who's right, who's V.,0118 ad 410 COM. 
MEXICAN MUD DATES: MAY AND JUNE, 1994 MAY JUNE 
SAT APR 30 Open 1. of Rochester wi Violent Femmes (716) 275-2332 WED MAY I I Spm Boo Buo's Hoboken NJ (201)659-1644-THU MAY 12 9pm Desmond's New York NY (212)685.0901 SAT MAY 14 lOpm 23 Ent Cabaret Ardmore PA (215)688-4600 THU MAY 19 9pm Desmend's New York NY (212)615-0901 FRI MAY 20 I I pm Ludlow St. Cafe New York NY (212)353-0336 MON MAY 23 lOpm Nightingale's New York NY (212)473-9398 TUE MAY 24 IOpn Rock Ridge SaloomNYC- Guitar World Map, Party THU JUN THU MAY 26 9pm Desmond's New York NY (2121685.0901 FRI MAY 27 1 1pm The Leon's Den Ness York NY (212)477-2782  ISAT MAY 28 10pm 7 Willow Street Portchester NY (914)939-1474 SUN MAY 29 lOpm 2 day Funkfest w/ Milo Z and Z Funk  
THU JUN FRI JUN THU JUN WED JUN THU JUN FRI JUN SAT JUN 
FRI JUN SAT JUN SAT JUL SUN JUL 
%me 
2 9pm Desmond's New York NY (212)610-0901 3 1 upon The Court Tat. ern Now Bruns. NJ (908) 545-7265 9 Open Desmond's New York NY (212)685-0901 IS loran The Bitter End New York NY (212)673-7030 16 9pm Desmond's New York NY (212)685-090. , 17 Smn Arch St Tenn Cntr. Greenwhich CT (203)629-57 18 lOran List, tonight Hoboken NJ (201)795-9606 23 9pm Desmond's New York NY (212)685-0901 24 I I pre Barney', II Center Reach NY (516)348-7718 30 Open Desmond's New York NY (212)685-0901 2 7pm Filthy McNasty's Seneca Falls N'(313)568-2323 3 2pm Polish Picnic Greenfield MA (413) 773-90:r 

MUD 951 2nd Avenue 2nd Fir New York, NY 10022 
